org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	socket
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	websocket
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	web
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bower/blueimp-file-upload	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/blueimp-file-upload	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/blueimp-file-upload	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/blueimp-file-upload	tag_library	upload
org.webjars.bower/blueimp-file-upload	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/blueimp-file-upload	tag_library	file
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/jsf-module-project	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/jsf-module-project	tag_library	module
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/jsf-module-project	tag_library	deltaspike
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/jsf-module-project	tag_library	apache
net.lingala.zip4j/zip4j	categorise_library	Compression Libraries
net.lingala.zip4j/zip4j	tag_library	zip
net.lingala.zip4j/zip4j	tag_library	compression
net.lingala.zip4j/zip4j	tag_library	data
org.apache.camel/camel-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.camel/camel-api	tag_library	camel
com.opensymphony/xwork	tag_library	web-framework
org.fujion.webjars/lodash	tag_library	web
org.apache.solr/solr-velocity	tag_library	apache
org.apache.solr/solr-velocity	tag_library	velocity
org.apache.solr/solr-velocity	tag_library	solr
org.apache.solr/solr-velocity	tag_library	search
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	build
ru.yandex.qatools.embed/postgresql-embedded	tag_library	embedded
ru.yandex.qatools.embed/postgresql-embedded	tag_library	database
ru.yandex.qatools.embed/postgresql-embedded	tag_library	sql
ru.yandex.qatools.embed/postgresql-embedded	tag_library	postgresql
org.sakaiproject/chat-base	tag_library	chat
org.wildfly/wildfly-webservices-server-integration	tag_library	server
org.wildfly/wildfly-webservices-server-integration	tag_library	integration
org.wildfly/wildfly-webservices-server-integration	tag_library	wildfly
org.wildfly/wildfly-webservices-server-integration	tag_library	service
org.wildfly/wildfly-webservices-server-integration	tag_library	web
org.wildfly/wildfly-webservices-server-integration	tag_library	webservice
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/docker-commons	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/docker-commons	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/docker-commons	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/docker-commons	tag_library	docker
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/docker-commons	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/docker-commons	tag_library	commons
org.jodd/jodd-json	tag_library	json
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	database
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	thrift
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	hbase
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	protocol
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ec2	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ec2	tag_library	aws
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ec2	tag_library	ec2
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-kendo-ui	tag_library	bundle
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-kendo-ui	tag_library	google
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-kendo-ui	tag_library	ui
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-kendo-ui	tag_library	jquery
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-kendo-ui	tag_library	wicket
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-kendo-ui	tag_library	osgi
org.simpleframework/simple-xml	categorise_library	XML Processing
org.simpleframework/simple-xml	tag_library	processing
org.simpleframework/simple-xml	tag_library	framework
org.simpleframework/simple-xml	tag_library	xml
io.prestosql/presto-spi	tag_library	presto
io.prestosql/presto-spi	tag_library	interface
org.apache.shiro/shiro-web	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.shiro/shiro-web	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.shiro/shiro-web	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-web	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro/shiro-web	tag_library	osgi
org.slf4j/nlog4j	categorise_library	Logging Frameworks
org.slf4j/nlog4j	tag_library	logging
org.slf4j/nlog4j	tag_library	slf4j
org.webjars.bower/papaparse	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/papaparse	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/papaparse	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/papaparse	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/alpaca	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/alpaca	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/alpaca	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/alpaca	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/alpaca	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/auth0.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/auth0.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/auth0.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/auth0.js	tag_library	authentication
org.webjars.bower/auth0.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/auth0.js	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.solr/solr	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	application
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	war
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	web
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	apache
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	solr
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	search
org.apache.geode/geode-core	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/twitter	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/twitter	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/twitter	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/twitter	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/twitter	tag_library	twitter
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/trac-publisher-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/trac-publisher-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/trac-publisher-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/trac-publisher-plugin	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/trac-publisher-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	tag_library	expression
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.jonschlinkert/remarkable	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jonschlinkert/remarkable	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jonschlinkert/remarkable	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.jonschlinkert/remarkable	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.mozilla/pdfjs-dist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.mozilla/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.mozilla/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	pdf
org.webjars.bowergithub.mozilla/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.bowergithub.mozilla/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.mozilla/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/jquery	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/jquery	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/jquery	tag_library	jquery
org.webjars.bower/jquery	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/jquery	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/json-ptr	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/json-ptr	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/json-ptr	tag_library	json
org.webjars.npm/json-ptr	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/json-ptr	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/json-ptr	tag_library	resources
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-git-pipeline	tag_library	scm
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-git-pipeline	tag_library	pipeline
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-git-pipeline	tag_library	git
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-git-pipeline	tag_library	jenkins
cn.easyproject/ojdbc7	tag_library	database
cn.easyproject/ojdbc7	tag_library	jdbc
cn.easyproject/ojdbc7	tag_library	sql
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	tag_library	application
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	tag_library	war
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	tag_library	web
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	tag_library	apache
org.mapfish.print/print-servlet	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.mapfish.print/print-servlet	tag_library	application
org.mapfish.print/print-servlet	tag_library	war
org.mapfish.print/print-servlet	tag_library	servlet
org.mapfish.print/print-servlet	tag_library	web
org.mapfish.print/print-servlet	tag_library	webapp
com.alibaba/dubbo	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
com.alibaba/dubbo	tag_library	communication
com.alibaba/dubbo	tag_library	dubbo
com.alibaba/dubbo	tag_library	distributed
com.alibaba/dubbo	tag_library	alibaba
com.alibaba/dubbo	tag_library	remoting
com.alibaba/dubbo	tag_library	rpc
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on	tag_library	debug
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.apache.uima/uimaj-examples	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/uimaj-examples	tag_library	example
org.webjars.npm/axios	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/axios	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/axios	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/axios	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/axios	tag_library	resources
org.apache.sentry/sentry-binding-hive	tag_library	binding
org.apache.sentry/sentry-binding-hive	tag_library	apache
org.apache.sentry/sentry-binding-hive	tag_library	hive
org.apache.sentry/sentry-binding-hive	tag_library	sentry
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible	tag_library	ansible
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-el-api	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-el-api	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-el-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-el-api	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-el-api	tag_library	api
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/application-director-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/application-director-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/application-director-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/application-director-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bower/FlipClock	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/FlipClock	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/FlipClock	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/FlipClock	tag_library	resources
org.apache.activemq/activemq-mqtt	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-mqtt	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-mqtt	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-mqtt	tag_library	mqtt
org.apache.activemq/activemq-mqtt	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/valgrind	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/valgrind	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/valgrind	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/valgrind	tag_library	jenkins
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-testpage-overlay	categorise_library	Web Applications
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-testpage-overlay	tag_library	application
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-testpage-overlay	tag_library	overlay
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-testpage-overlay	tag_library	war
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-testpage-overlay	tag_library	web
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-testpage-overlay	tag_library	webapp
org.jyaml/jyaml	categorise_library	YAML Parsers
org.jyaml/jyaml	tag_library	format
org.jyaml/jyaml	tag_library	yaml
org.jyaml/jyaml	tag_library	parser
org.jyaml/jyaml	tag_library	data
org.jyaml/jyaml	tag_library	serialization
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	tag_library	network
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	tag_library	ssh
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	tag_library	credentials
de.wellnerbou.jenkins/git-changelog	tag_library	scm
de.wellnerbou.jenkins/git-changelog	tag_library	git
de.wellnerbou.jenkins/git-changelog	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.camel/camel-snakeyaml	tag_library	yaml
org.apache.camel/camel-snakeyaml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-snakeyaml	tag_library	camel
net.hurstfrost.jenkins/avatar	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/serialize-to-js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/serialize-to-js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/serialize-to-js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/serialize-to-js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/serialize-to-js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/serialize-to-js	tag_library	javascript
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkinswalldisplay	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkinswalldisplay	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkinswalldisplay	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkinswalldisplay	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bower/mxgraph	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/mxgraph	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/mxgraph	tag_library	graph
org.webjars.bower/mxgraph	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/mxgraph	tag_library	resources
org.apache.james/james-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.james/james-server	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james/james-server	tag_library	mail
com.h2database/h2	categorise_library	Embedded SQL Databases
com.h2database/h2	tag_library	embedded
com.h2database/h2	tag_library	database
com.h2database/h2	tag_library	sql
com.h2database/h2	tag_library	data
com.h2database/h2	tag_library	h2database
org.opencastproject/opencast-common-jpa-impl	tag_library	persistence
org.opencastproject/opencast-common-jpa-impl	tag_library	bundle
org.opencastproject/opencast-common-jpa-impl	tag_library	jpa
org.opencastproject/opencast-common-jpa-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.opencastproject/opencast-common-jpa-impl	tag_library	opencast
org.opencastproject/opencast-common-jpa-impl	tag_library	osgi
com.datatheorem.mobileappsecurity.jenkins.plugin/datatheorem-mobile-app-security	tag_library	plugin
com.datatheorem.mobileappsecurity.jenkins.plugin/datatheorem-mobile-app-security	tag_library	security
com.datatheorem.mobileappsecurity.jenkins.plugin/datatheorem-mobile-app-security	tag_library	jenkins
com.datatheorem.mobileappsecurity.jenkins.plugin/datatheorem-mobile-app-security	tag_library	mobile
org.webjars.npm/safer-eval	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/safer-eval	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/safer-eval	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/safer-eval	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/safer-eval	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/safer-eval	tag_library	evaluation
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-maven	tag_library	plugin
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-maven	tag_library	build
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-maven	tag_library	build-system
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-maven	tag_library	maven
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-core	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-core	tag_library	github
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-core	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-core	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-core	tag_library	resources
org.craftercms/crafter-studio	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.craftercms/crafter-studio	tag_library	application
org.craftercms/crafter-studio	tag_library	war
org.craftercms/crafter-studio	tag_library	web
org.craftercms/crafter-studio	tag_library	webapp
org.jboss.weld/weld-core	categorise_library	Dependency Injection
org.jboss.weld/weld-core	tag_library	dependency-injection
org.jboss.weld/weld-core	tag_library	ioc
org.jboss.weld/weld-core	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.storm/storm-hdfs	tag_library	filesystem
org.apache.storm/storm-hdfs	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.storm/storm-hdfs	tag_library	apache
org.apache.storm/storm-hdfs	tag_library	hdfs
org.apache.storm/storm-core	categorise_library	Stream Processing
org.apache.storm/storm-core	tag_library	processing
org.apache.storm/storm-core	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.storm/storm-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.storm/storm-core	tag_library	stream
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.0	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.0	tag_library	format
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.0	tag_library	json
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.0	tag_library	web-framework
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.0	tag_library	serialization
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.0	tag_library	scala
org.webjars.npm/node-fetch	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/node-fetch	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/node-fetch	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/node-fetch	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/node-fetch	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/node-fetch	tag_library	node
org.fedoraproject.jenkins.plugins/copr	tag_library	plugin
org.fedoraproject.jenkins.plugins/copr	tag_library	jenkins
com.sparkjava/spark-core	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.sparkjava/spark-core	tag_library	bundle
com.sparkjava/spark-core	tag_library	framework
com.sparkjava/spark-core	tag_library	web
com.sparkjava/spark-core	tag_library	spark
com.sparkjava/spark-core	tag_library	osgi
com.jamonapi/jamon	categorise_library	Application Metrics
com.jamonapi/jamon	tag_library	observability
com.jamonapi/jamon	tag_library	monitoring
com.jamonapi/jamon	tag_library	management
com.jamonapi/jamon	tag_library	metrics
com.jamonapi/jamon	tag_library	performance
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	socket
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	websocket
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	web
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	jetty
org.odata4j/odata4j-core	tag_library	bundle
org.odata4j/odata4j-core	tag_library	data
org.odata4j/odata4j-core	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-rio-rdfxml	tag_library	rdf
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-rio-rdfxml	tag_library	eclipse
org.apache.karaf.webconsole/org.apache.karaf.webconsole.features	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.webconsole/org.apache.karaf.webconsole.features	tag_library	web
org.apache.karaf.webconsole/org.apache.karaf.webconsole.features	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.webconsole/org.apache.karaf.webconsole.features	tag_library	console
org.apache.karaf.webconsole/org.apache.karaf.webconsole.features	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.webconsole/org.apache.karaf.webconsole.features	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bower/github-com-mathjax-MathJax	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-mathjax-MathJax	tag_library	github
org.webjars.bower/github-com-mathjax-MathJax	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-mathjax-MathJax	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/github-com-mathjax-MathJax	tag_library	math
org.webjars.bower/github-com-mathjax-MathJax	tag_library	resources
com.netflix.conductor/conductor-core	tag_library	netflix
org.apache.kylin/kylin-core-job	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-core	categorise_library	Enterprise Integration
org.apache.camel/camel-core	tag_library	integration
org.apache.camel/camel-core	tag_library	enterprise
org.apache.camel/camel-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-core	tag_library	camel
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms	tag_library	queue
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms	tag_library	jms
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-cli	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-cli	tag_library	tools
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-cli	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-cli	tag_library	command-line
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-cli	tag_library	toolkit
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpasyncclient	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpasyncclient	tag_library	network
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpasyncclient	tag_library	apache
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpasyncclient	tag_library	client
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpasyncclient	tag_library	asynchronous
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpasyncclient	tag_library	http
org.keycloak/keycloak-services	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-services	tag_library	service
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	tag_library	highlight
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	tag_library	javascript
org.webjars.bowergithub.thdoan/bootstrap-select	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.thdoan/bootstrap-select	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.thdoan/bootstrap-select	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.thdoan/bootstrap-select	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.thdoan/bootstrap-select	tag_library	bootstrap
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security	tag_library	security
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security	tag_library	scripting
org.apache.karaf.management/org.apache.karaf.management.server	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.management/org.apache.karaf.management.server	tag_library	server
org.apache.karaf.management/org.apache.karaf.management.server	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.management/org.apache.karaf.management.server	tag_library	management
org.apache.karaf.management/org.apache.karaf.management.server	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.management/org.apache.karaf.management.server	tag_library	osgi
org.6wind.jenkins/lockable-resources	tag_library	resource
org.6wind.jenkins/lockable-resources	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	sso
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	saml
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/github-com-haroldo-ok-twine-monogatari	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-haroldo-ok-twine-monogatari	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-haroldo-ok-twine-monogatari	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-haroldo-ok-twine-monogatari	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-haroldo-ok-twine-monogatari	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-haroldo-ok-twine-monogatari	tag_library	resources
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs-client	tag_library	filesystem
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs-client	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs-client	tag_library	hdfs
org.webjars.npm/fresh	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/fresh	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/fresh	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/fresh	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/fresh	tag_library	resources
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	server
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	webserver
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	queue
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	messaging
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	amqp
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	broker
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	apache
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	protocol
org.apache.wicket/wicket-core	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.apache.wicket/wicket-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.wicket/wicket-core	tag_library	web
org.apache.wicket/wicket-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wicket/wicket-core	tag_library	wicket
io.ktor/ktor-utils	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-utils	tag_library	kotlin
se.diabol.jenkins.pipeline/delivery-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	plugin
se.diabol.jenkins.pipeline/delivery-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	pipeline
se.diabol.jenkins.pipeline/delivery-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	tag_library	build-system
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	tag_library	maven
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	tag_library	jenkins
org.jboss.jbossas/jboss-as-jmx-remoting	tag_library	jmx
org.jboss.jbossas/jboss-as-jmx-remoting	tag_library	monitoring
org.jboss.jbossas/jboss-as-jmx-remoting	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.jbossas/jboss-as-jmx-remoting	tag_library	remote
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.jcr.contentloader	tag_library	jcr
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.jcr.contentloader	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bower/pdfjs-dist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	pdf
org.webjars.bower/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.bower/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.tools/git-parameter	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.tools/git-parameter	tag_library	tools
org.jenkins-ci.tools/git-parameter	tag_library	git
org.jenkins-ci.tools/git-parameter	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.tools/git-parameter	tag_library	parameters
org.apache.camel/camel-castor	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-castor	tag_library	camel
com.bertramlabs.plugins/asset-pipeline-servlet	tag_library	plugin
com.bertramlabs.plugins/asset-pipeline-servlet	tag_library	servlet
com.bertramlabs.plugins/asset-pipeline-servlet	tag_library	pipeline
org.apache.atlas/apache-atlas	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj	tag_library	solr
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj	tag_library	search
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/hipchat	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/hipchat	tag_library	chat
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/hipchat	tag_library	hipchat
org.apache.pdfbox/debugger-app	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/debugger-app	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/debugger-app	tag_library	debug
org.apache.pdfbox/debugger-app	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/debugger-app	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.geode/geode-modules	tag_library	module
org.apache.geode/geode-modules	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-aws-abstract-processors	tag_library	aws
org.apache.nifi/nifi-aws-abstract-processors	tag_library	amazon
org.apache.nifi/nifi-aws-abstract-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-aws-abstract-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-aws-abstract-processors	tag_library	processor
com.redgate.plugins.redgatesqlci/redgate-sql-ci	tag_library	plugin
com.redgate.plugins.redgatesqlci/redgate-sql-ci	tag_library	sql
org.apache.continuum/continuum-builder	tag_library	build
org.apache.continuum/continuum-builder	tag_library	builder
org.apache.continuum/continuum-builder	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncrecorder	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncrecorder	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncrecorder	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncrecorder	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack-uploader	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack-uploader	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack-uploader	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack-uploader	tag_library	upload
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack-uploader	tag_library	jenkins
org.onosproject/onos-cli	categorise_library	Command Line Interface
org.onosproject/onos-cli	tag_library	interface
org.onosproject/onos-cli	tag_library	client
org.onosproject/onos-cli	tag_library	command-line
org.onosproject/onos-cli	tag_library	cli
org.apache.cxf/cxf-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-core	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.james/james-server-data-library	tag_library	server
org.apache.james/james-server-data-library	tag_library	data
org.apache.james/james-server-data-library	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james/james-server-data-library	tag_library	mail
org.apache.james/james-server-data-library	tag_library	library
com.mobidevelop.robovm/robovm-gradle-plugin	tag_library	plugin
com.mobidevelop.robovm/robovm-gradle-plugin	tag_library	build
com.mobidevelop.robovm/robovm-gradle-plugin	tag_library	build-system
com.mobidevelop.robovm/robovm-gradle-plugin	tag_library	gradle
com.mobidevelop.robovm/robovm-gradle-plugin	tag_library	groovy
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/buildgraph-view	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/buildgraph-view	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/buildgraph-view	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/buildgraph-view	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/buildgraph-view	tag_library	view
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	tag_library	google
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	tag_library	library
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	tag_library	resources
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.11	tag_library	play-framework
org.springframework.webflow/spring-webflow	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.springframework.webflow/spring-webflow	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.webflow/spring-webflow	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.webflow/spring-webflow	tag_library	webflow
org.springframework.webflow/spring-webflow	tag_library	web
com.walmartlabs.concord.server/concord-server-impl	tag_library	server
com.walmartlabs.concord.server/concord-server-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.geronimo.modules/geronimo-tomcat6	tag_library	module
org.apache.geronimo.modules/geronimo-tomcat6	tag_library	server
org.apache.geronimo.modules/geronimo-tomcat6	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.geronimo.modules/geronimo-tomcat6	tag_library	apache
org.apache.geronimo.modules/geronimo-tomcat6	tag_library	tomcat
com.opensymphony/xwork-core	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring	tag_library	spring
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.wink/wink-common	tag_library	apache
io.ktor/ktor-auth-ldap	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-auth-ldap	tag_library	authentication
io.ktor/ktor-auth-ldap	tag_library	ldap
io.ktor/ktor-auth-ldap	tag_library	kotlin
io.ktor/ktor-auth-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.jasypt/jasypt	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
org.jasypt/jasypt	tag_library	encryption
org.jasypt/jasypt	tag_library	security
org.jasypt/jasypt	tag_library	crypto
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway	tag_library	gateway
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/deploy	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/deploy	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/deploy	tag_library	deployment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/deploy	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/deploy	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.solr/solr-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.solr/solr-core	tag_library	solr
org.apache.solr/solr-core	tag_library	search
org.webjars.npm/canvas	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/canvas	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/canvas	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/canvas	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/canvas	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/canvas	tag_library	canvas
org.apache.pulsar/pulsar	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pulsar/pulsar	tag_library	pulsar
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/open-stf	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/open-stf	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/open-stf	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/open-stf	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-elasticsearch-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-elasticsearch-processors	tag_library	elasticsearch
org.apache.nifi/nifi-elasticsearch-processors	tag_library	elastic
org.apache.nifi/nifi-elasticsearch-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-elasticsearch-processors	tag_library	processor
org.apache.nifi/nifi-elasticsearch-processors	tag_library	search
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	categorise_library	Actor Frameworks
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	tag_library	framework
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	tag_library	typesafe
org.apache.ignite/ignite-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-core	tag_library	data
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-core	tag_library	client
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-core	tag_library	osgi
com.hazelcast/hazelcast-client	tag_library	hazelcast
com.hazelcast/hazelcast-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	security
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	cryptography
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management	tag_library	management
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.syncope/syncope-common	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/implied-labels	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/implied-labels	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/implied-labels	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/implied-labels	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.mina/mina-core	categorise_library	Network App Frameworks
org.apache.mina/mina-core	tag_library	network
org.apache.mina/mina-core	tag_library	socket
org.apache.mina/mina-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.mina/mina-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.mina/mina-core	tag_library	io
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-select	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-select	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-select	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-select	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-select	tag_library	bootstrap
org.webjars.npm/npm	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/npm	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/npm	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/npm	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/npm	tag_library	resources
org.apache.cayenne/cayenne-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.cayenne/cayenne-server	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-xml	tag_library	integration
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-xml	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-xml	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-xml	tag_library	xml
org.infinispan/infinispan-commons	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan/infinispan-commons	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-commons	tag_library	commons
com.itextpdf/itextg	tag_library	pdf
org.webjars.npm/verdaccio	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/verdaccio	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/verdaccio	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/verdaccio	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/verdaccio	tag_library	resources
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	socket
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	websocket
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	tomcat
io.jenkins.plugins/echarts-api	tag_library	plugin
io.jenkins.plugins/echarts-api	tag_library	visualization
io.jenkins.plugins/echarts-api	tag_library	chart
io.jenkins.plugins/echarts-api	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.plugins/echarts-api	tag_library	api
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist	tag_library	jquery
org.apache.syncope.ext.saml2sp/syncope-ext-saml2sp-persistence-jpa	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.syncope.ext.saml2sp/syncope-ext-saml2sp-persistence-jpa	tag_library	security
org.apache.syncope.ext.saml2sp/syncope-ext-saml2sp-persistence-jpa	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.syncope.ext.saml2sp/syncope-ext-saml2sp-persistence-jpa	tag_library	saml
org.apache.syncope.ext.saml2sp/syncope-ext-saml2sp-persistence-jpa	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ant	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ant	tag_library	ant
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ant	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ant	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ant	tag_library	tomcat
org.webjars.bower/mustache	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/mustache	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/mustache	tag_library	mustache
org.webjars.bower/mustache	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/mustache	tag_library	resources
org.apache.geode/apache-geode	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/parsleyjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/parsleyjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/parsleyjs	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/parsleyjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/parsleyjs	tag_library	resources
org.picketbox/jbosssx-bare	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	tomcat
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-update-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-update-server	tag_library	eclipse
activemq/activemq	tag_library	jms
activemq/activemq	tag_library	queue
activemq/activemq	tag_library	activemq
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave	tag_library	virtualization
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave	tag_library	libvirt
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extra-columns	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extra-columns	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extra-columns	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extra-columns	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/depgraph-view	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/depgraph-view	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/depgraph-view	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/depgraph-view	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/depgraph-view	tag_library	graph
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/depgraph-view	tag_library	view
org.jbpm/jbpm-console-ng-human-tasks-client	tag_library	task
org.jbpm/jbpm-console-ng-human-tasks-client	tag_library	bpm
org.jbpm/jbpm-console-ng-human-tasks-client	tag_library	client
org.jbpm/jbpm-console-ng-human-tasks-client	tag_library	console
org.apache.cayenne.modeler/cayenne-modeler	tag_library	model
org.apache.cayenne.modeler/cayenne-modeler	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xmltooling	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xmltooling	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xmltooling	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xmltooling	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.12	tag_library	jmx
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.12	tag_library	monitoring
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.12	tag_library	flink
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.12	tag_library	apache
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.12	tag_library	metrics
tomcat/jasper-compiler	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/jasper-compiler	tag_library	server
tomcat/jasper-compiler	tag_library	tomcat
tomcat/jasper-compiler	tag_library	compiler
org.jvnet.hudson/xstream	tag_library	xml
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.core	categorise_library	Eclipse Plugins
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.core	tag_library	plugin
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.core	tag_library	eclipse
jetty/jetty	tag_library	webserver
jetty/jetty	tag_library	server
jetty/jetty	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.nifi/nifi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.deltaspike.core/deltaspike-core-api	tag_library	deltaspike
org.apache.deltaspike.core/deltaspike-core-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.deltaspike.core/deltaspike-core-api	tag_library	api
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/distfork	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/distfork	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/distfork	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/distfork	tag_library	jenkins
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.12	tag_library	actor
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.12	tag_library	akka
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.12	tag_library	distributed
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.12	tag_library	concurrency
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.12	tag_library	session
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.12	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	tag_library	build-system
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	tag_library	maven
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/remarkable	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/remarkable	tag_library	web
org.webjars/remarkable	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/remarkable	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/chosen-views-tabbar	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/chosen-views-tabbar	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/chosen-views-tabbar	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/chosen-views-tabbar	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/chosen-views-tabbar	tag_library	view
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap	tag_library	binding
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap	tag_library	soap
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	communication
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	queue
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	broker
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	apache
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	message
org.webjars.bower/superagent	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/superagent	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/superagent	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/superagent	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/mxgraph	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mxgraph	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mxgraph	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mxgraph	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mxgraph	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/mxgraph	tag_library	graph
org.webjars.npm/send	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/send	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/send	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/send	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/send	tag_library	resources
org.apache.camel/camel-freemarker	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-freemarker	tag_library	template
org.apache.camel/camel-freemarker	tag_library	camel
com.sun.faces/jsf-impl	tag_library	jsf
com.sun.faces/jsf-impl	tag_library	implementation
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-client	tag_library	client
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-client	tag_library	alibaba
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla-auth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla-auth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla-auth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla-auth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla-auth	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.beam/beam-sdks-java-io-mongodb	tag_library	database
org.apache.beam/beam-sdks-java-io-mongodb	tag_library	sdk
org.apache.beam/beam-sdks-java-io-mongodb	tag_library	apache
org.apache.beam/beam-sdks-java-io-mongodb	tag_library	io
org.apache.beam/beam-sdks-java-io-mongodb	tag_library	mongodb
org.springframework.security/spring-security-ldap	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-ldap	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-ldap	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.springframework.security/spring-security-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.broadleafcommerce/broadleaf-framework	tag_library	framework
org.onosproject/onos-drivers-utilities	tag_library	driver
io.netty/netty-codec	categorise_library	Netty Codecs
io.netty/netty-codec	tag_library	network
io.netty/netty-codec	tag_library	socket
io.netty/netty-codec	tag_library	netty
io.netty/netty-codec	tag_library	codec
io.netty/netty-codec	tag_library	io
io.netty/netty-codec	tag_library	protocol
com.github.kevinsawicki/http-request	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.github.kevinsawicki/http-request	tag_library	network
com.github.kevinsawicki/http-request	tag_library	github
com.github.kevinsawicki/http-request	tag_library	request
com.github.kevinsawicki/http-request	tag_library	client
com.github.kevinsawicki/http-request	tag_library	http
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin	tag_library	rest
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bower/json3	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/json3	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/json3	tag_library	json
org.webjars.bower/json3	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/json3	tag_library	resources
io.undertow/undertow-core	categorise_library	Web Servers
io.undertow/undertow-core	tag_library	undertow
io.undertow/undertow-core	tag_library	web
io.undertow/undertow-core	tag_library	server
io.undertow/undertow-core	tag_library	http
org.apache.activemq/artemis-core-client	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/artemis-core-client	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/artemis-core-client	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/artemis-core-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/artemis-core-client	tag_library	client
com.moded.extendedchoiceparameter/dynamic_extended_choice_parameter	tag_library	parameters
com.moded.extendedchoiceparameter/dynamic_extended_choice_parameter	tag_library	dynamic
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-rio-trix	tag_library	rdf
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-rio-trix	tag_library	eclipse
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	tools
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	hash
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-pipeline-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-jose	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-jose	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-jose	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-jose	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-jose	tag_library	osgi
com.itextpdf/itext-pdfa	tag_library	pdf
org.webjars.npm/ini	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/ini	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/ini	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/ini	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/ini	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/datatables	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/datatables	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/datatables	tag_library	data
org.webjars.bower/datatables	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/datatables	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/datatables	tag_library	table
org.picketbox/picketbox	categorise_library	Security Frameworks
org.picketbox/picketbox	tag_library	security
org.mindrot/jbcrypt	categorise_library	Hashing Libraries
org.mindrot/jbcrypt	tag_library	cryptography
org.mindrot/jbcrypt	tag_library	hashing
org.apache.camel/camel-spring	tag_library	spring
org.apache.camel/camel-spring	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-spring	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailcommander	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailcommander	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailcommander	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailcommander	tag_library	jenkins
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-deploy	tag_library	deployment
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-deploy	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-deploy	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-deploy	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-deploy	tag_library	jetty
com.hotels.styx/styx-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.camel/camel-servlet	tag_library	servlet
org.apache.camel/camel-servlet	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-servlet	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/veracode-scanner	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/veracode-scanner	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/veracode-scanner	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/veracode-scanner	tag_library	scanning
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/veracode-scanner	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/floatthead	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/floatthead	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/floatthead	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/floatthead	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/floatthead	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/echarts	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/echarts	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/echarts	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/echarts	tag_library	visualization
org.webjars.bower/echarts	tag_library	chart
org.webjars.bower/echarts	tag_library	resources
commons-io/commons-io	categorise_library	I/O Utilities
commons-io/commons-io	tag_library	commons
commons-io/commons-io	tag_library	io
com.coravy.hudson.plugins.github/github	tag_library	plugin
com.coravy.hudson.plugins.github/github	tag_library	github
org.apache.ranger/ranger	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-publishersettings-credentials	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-publishersettings-credentials	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-publishersettings-credentials	tag_library	azure
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-publishersettings-credentials	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-publishersettings-credentials	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-publishersettings-credentials	tag_library	credentials
org.wildfly.security/wildfly-elytron	tag_library	security
org.wildfly.security/wildfly-elytron	tag_library	wildfly
org.webjars/npm	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/npm	tag_library	web
org.webjars/npm	tag_library	npm
org.webjars/npm	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/npm	tag_library	resources
io.jenkins/configuration-as-code	categorise_library	Configuration Libraries
io.jenkins/configuration-as-code	tag_library	config
io.jenkins/configuration-as-code	tag_library	properties
io.jenkins/configuration-as-code	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	osgi
io.druid/druid-server	tag_library	druid
io.druid/druid-server	tag_library	server
com.splunk.splunkins/splunk-devops	tag_library	splunk
org.apache.tomcat/catalina	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/catalina	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/catalina	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/catalina	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	tag_library	application
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	tag_library	war
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	tag_library	web
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	tag_library	cms
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	identifier
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	uuid
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	node
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core	tag_library	web
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-languages	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-languages	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-languages	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-languages	tag_library	language
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-languages	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-languages	tag_library	bootstrap
org.apache.knox/gateway	tag_library	apache
org.apache.knox/gateway	tag_library	gateway
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/relution-publisher	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/relution-publisher	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/relution-publisher	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/relution-publisher	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/relution-publisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.kafka/connect-runtime	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/connect-runtime	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/connect-runtime	tag_library	apache
org.apache.kafka/connect-runtime	tag_library	connection
org.apache.kafka/connect-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.igniterealtime.openfire.plugins/bookmarks	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.bowergithub.tinymce/tinymce-dist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.tinymce/tinymce-dist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.tinymce/tinymce-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.bowergithub.tinymce/tinymce-dist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.tinymce/tinymce-dist	tag_library	resources
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-eclipse-groovy	tag_library	eclipse
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-eclipse-groovy	tag_library	groovy
org.apache.cayenne/cayenne-rop-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.cayenne/cayenne-rop-server	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian-starter	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian-starter	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian-starter	tag_library	starter
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian-starter	tag_library	camel
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-utils-common	tag_library	apache
com.browserup/browserup-proxy-rest	tag_library	rest
com.browserup/browserup-proxy-rest	tag_library	proxy
org.dspace/dspace-xmlui	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.dspace/dspace-xmlui	tag_library	application
org.dspace/dspace-xmlui	tag_library	war
org.dspace/dspace-xmlui	tag_library	web
org.dspace/dspace-xmlui	tag_library	webapp
org.dspace/dspace-xmlui	tag_library	xml
org.hudsonci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	dashboard
org.hudsonci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	view
com.convertigo.jenkins.plugins/convertigo-mobile-platform	tag_library	plugin
com.convertigo.jenkins.plugins/convertigo-mobile-platform	tag_library	jenkins
com.convertigo.jenkins.plugins/convertigo-mobile-platform	tag_library	platform
com.convertigo.jenkins.plugins/convertigo-mobile-platform	tag_library	mobile
org.springframework/spring-aop	categorise_library	Aspect Oriented
org.springframework/spring-aop	tag_library	programming
org.springframework/spring-aop	tag_library	aspect
org.springframework/spring-aop	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-aop	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-aop	tag_library	aop
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.10	tag_library	network
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.10	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.10	tag_library	apache
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client	tag_library	client
org.opencastproject/opencast-ingest-service-impl	tag_library	bundle
org.opencastproject/opencast-ingest-service-impl	tag_library	service
org.opencastproject/opencast-ingest-service-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.opencastproject/opencast-ingest-service-impl	tag_library	opencast
org.opencastproject/opencast-ingest-service-impl	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/shvl	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/shvl	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/shvl	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/shvl	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/shvl	tag_library	resources
org.jboss.security/jbosssx-bare	tag_library	security
org.jboss.security/jbosssx-bare	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.syncope.ext.flowable/syncope-ext-flowable-bpmn	tag_library	bpm
org.apache.syncope.ext.flowable/syncope-ext-flowable-bpmn	tag_library	bpmn
org.apache.syncope.ext.flowable/syncope-ext-flowable-bpmn	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/jqtree	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/jqtree	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/jqtree	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/jqtree	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/jqtree	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-security-scanner	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-security-scanner	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-security-scanner	tag_library	security
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-security-scanner	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-security-scanner	tag_library	scanning
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-security-scanner	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dijit	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dijit	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dijit	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dijit	tag_library	resources
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav	tag_library	webdav
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav	tag_library	web
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav	tag_library	cms
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.ranger/ranger-kafka-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.ranger/ranger-kafka-plugin	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.ranger/ranger-kafka-plugin	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.ranger/ranger-kafka-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.clojars.aaroniba/log4j	tag_library	logging
org.clojars.aaroniba/log4j	tag_library	clojure
org.clojars.aaroniba/log4j	tag_library	log4j
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	elasticsearch
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	elastic
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	search
org.jboss.as/jboss-as-ejb3	tag_library	ejb
org.jboss.as/jboss-as-ejb3	tag_library	jboss
org.richfaces.core/richfaces-core-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.servlets.post	tag_library	servlet
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.servlets.post	tag_library	apache
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	categorise_library	ElasticSearch Clients
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	tag_library	database
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	tag_library	server
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	tag_library	elasticsearch
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	tag_library	elastic
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	tag_library	client
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	tag_library	search
org.webjars.npm/grunt-ngdocs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/grunt-ngdocs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/grunt-ngdocs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/grunt-ngdocs	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/grunt-ngdocs	tag_library	resources
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework	tag_library	apache
org.apache.ranger/ranger-plugins-common	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.ranger/ranger-plugins-common	tag_library	apache
org.fusesource.mqtt-client/mqtt-client	tag_library	bundle
org.fusesource.mqtt-client/mqtt-client	tag_library	mqtt
org.fusesource.mqtt-client/mqtt-client	tag_library	client
org.fusesource.mqtt-client/mqtt-client	tag_library	osgi
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client-microprofile	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client-microprofile	tag_library	microprofile
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client-microprofile	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client-microprofile	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client-microprofile	tag_library	profile
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client-microprofile	tag_library	client
org.jboss.seam/jboss-seam-remoting	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.seam/jboss-seam-remoting	tag_library	remote
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	node
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	rules
org.webjars.bower/axios	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/axios	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/axios	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/axios	tag_library	resources
org.jgroups/jgroups	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
org.jgroups/jgroups	tag_library	communication
org.jgroups/jgroups	tag_library	distributed
org.jgroups/jgroups	tag_library	jgroups
org.jgroups/jgroups	tag_library	remoting
org.jgroups/jgroups	tag_library	rpc
net.minidev/json-smart	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.minidev/json-smart	tag_library	format
net.minidev/json-smart	tag_library	bundle
net.minidev/json-smart	tag_library	json
net.minidev/json-smart	tag_library	serialization
net.minidev/json-smart	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/ssri	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/ssri	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/ssri	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/ssri	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/ssri	tag_library	resources
com.squareup.retrofit2/converter-jaxb	tag_library	binding
com.squareup.retrofit2/converter-jaxb	tag_library	jaxb
com.squareup.retrofit2/converter-jaxb	tag_library	retrofit
com.squareup.retrofit2/converter-jaxb	tag_library	xml
com.squareup.retrofit2/converter-jaxb	tag_library	converter
org.webjars.npm/electron	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/electron	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/electron	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/electron	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/electron	tag_library	resources
com.baomidou/mybatis-plus-core	tag_library	persistence
com.baomidou/mybatis-plus-core	tag_library	mybatis
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.11	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.11	tag_library	network
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.11	tag_library	client
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.11	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.11	tag_library	http
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	application
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	war
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	api
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/electricflow	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/electricflow	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/electricflow	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/electricflow	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.xmlgraphics/fop	tag_library	apache
com.typesafe.play/play_2.10	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.typesafe.play/play_2.10	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play_2.10	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play_2.10	tag_library	web
com.typesafe.play/play_2.10	tag_library	framework
org.apache.wicket/wicket-util	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wicket/wicket-util	tag_library	wicket
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-ldap-common	tag_library	ldap
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-ldap-common	tag_library	directory
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	queue
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	messaging
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	amqp
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	broker
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	apache
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	protocol
org.apache.nifi/nifi-update-attribute-model	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-update-attribute-model	tag_library	model
org.apache.nifi/nifi-update-attribute-model	tag_library	apache
org.springframework/spring-oxm	categorise_library	XML Processing
org.springframework/spring-oxm	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-oxm	tag_library	processing
org.springframework/spring-oxm	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-oxm	tag_library	xml
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web	tag_library	apache
com.sonyericsson.hudson.plugins.rebuild/rebuild	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs	tag_library	mapreduce
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs	tag_library	client
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs	tag_library	parallel
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-jose	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-jose	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-jose	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-jose	tag_library	authentication
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-jose	tag_library	oauth
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server	tag_library	server
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server	tag_library	identity
de.tracetronic.jenkins.plugins/ecutest	tag_library	plugin
de.tracetronic.jenkins.plugins/ecutest	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/angular-jwt	categorise_library	JWT Libraries
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	security
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	json
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	angular
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	web
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	authentication
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	jwt
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	resources
org.kohsuke.stapler/stapler-groovy	tag_library	groovy
org.apache.kylin/kylin-server-base	tag_library	server
org.apache.kylin/kylin-server-base	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging	tag_library	messaging
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging	tag_library	osgi
ro.pippo/pippo-xstream	tag_library	xml
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter	tag_library	starter
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/monitoring	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/monitoring	tag_library	monitoring
org.webjars.npm/ecstatic	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/ecstatic	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/ecstatic	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/ecstatic	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/ecstatic	tag_library	resources
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	apache
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	library
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	jsp
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	taglibs
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	taglib
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	osgi
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-model	tag_library	model
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-model	tag_library	identity
org.jasig.cas/cas-server-support-ldap	tag_library	support
org.jasig.cas/cas-server-support-ldap	tag_library	server
org.jasig.cas/cas-server-support-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.jasig.cas/cas-server-support-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.webjars/i18next	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/i18next	tag_library	web
org.webjars/i18next	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/i18next	tag_library	resources
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.receiver.core	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.receiver.core	tag_library	event
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.receiver.core	tag_library	receiver
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.receiver.core	tag_library	analytics
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.receiver.core	tag_library	osgi
org.springframework.webflow/org.springframework.webflow	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.webflow/org.springframework.webflow	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.webflow/org.springframework.webflow	tag_library	webflow
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	tag_library	format
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	tag_library	json
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	tag_library	mapping
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	tag_library	serialization
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	tag_library	jackson
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	tag_library	codehaus
org.picketlink/picketlink-tomcat-common	tag_library	server
org.picketlink/picketlink-tomcat-common	tag_library	webserver
org.picketlink/picketlink-tomcat-common	tag_library	tomcat
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/gcal	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kmap-jenkins	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kmap-jenkins	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kmap-jenkins	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kmap-jenkins	tag_library	jenkins
org.onosproject/onos-rest	tag_library	rest
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-all	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-all	tag_library	client
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-all	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-all	tag_library	api
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-all	tag_library	directory
org.apache.continuum/continuum-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-castor-starter	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-castor-starter	tag_library	starter
org.apache.camel/camel-castor-starter	tag_library	camel
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	sso
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	oidc
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap-select	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap-select	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap-select	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap-select	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap-select	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap-select	tag_library	bootstrap
org.apache.camel/camel-http	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-http	tag_library	http
org.apache.camel/camel-http	tag_library	camel
org.jkva.maven-plugins/cascading-release-maven-plugin	categorise_library	Maven Plugins
org.jkva.maven-plugins/cascading-release-maven-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jkva.maven-plugins/cascading-release-maven-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jkva.maven-plugins/cascading-release-maven-plugin	tag_library	build-system
org.jkva.maven-plugins/cascading-release-maven-plugin	tag_library	maven
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	rest
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	frontend
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	jaxrs
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	osgi
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa	tag_library	application
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa	tag_library	war
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa	tag_library	web
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa	tag_library	webapp
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa	tag_library	identity
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	model
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	api
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	directory
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.tomee/tomee-webapp	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.tomee/tomee-webapp	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomee/tomee-webapp	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.tomee/tomee-webapp	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-rabbitmq	tag_library	rabbitmq
org.apache.camel/camel-rabbitmq	tag_library	queue
org.apache.camel/camel-rabbitmq	tag_library	amqp
org.apache.camel/camel-rabbitmq	tag_library	broker
org.apache.camel/camel-rabbitmq	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-rabbitmq	tag_library	camel
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-authorization-oauth2-core	tag_library	authorization
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-authorization-oauth2-core	tag_library	web
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-authorization-oauth2-core	tag_library	authentication
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-authorization-oauth2-core	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.wicket/wicket	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.apache.wicket/wicket	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wicket/wicket	tag_library	wicket
org.apache.wicket/wicket	tag_library	web
org.apache.wicket/wicket	tag_library	framework
com.blackducksoftware.integration/blackduck-hub	tag_library	integration
org.webjars.bower/browser-request	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/browser-request	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/browser-request	tag_library	request
org.webjars.bower/browser-request	tag_library	browser
org.webjars.bower/browser-request	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/browser-request	tag_library	resources
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter	tag_library	spring
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter	tag_library	web
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter	tag_library	starter
org.webjars/swagger-ui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	openapi
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	web
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	ui
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	swagger
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	api
jsch/jsch	tag_library	ssh
org.webjars.npm/openpgp	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/openpgp	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/openpgp	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/openpgp	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/openpgp	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.unshiftio/url-parse	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.unshiftio/url-parse	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.unshiftio/url-parse	tag_library	url
org.webjars.bowergithub.unshiftio/url-parse	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.bowergithub.unshiftio/url-parse	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.unshiftio/url-parse	tag_library	resources
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	categorise_library	XML Processing
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	format
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	json
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	data
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	processing
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	serialization
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	xml
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	jackson
org.hornetq/hornetq-tools	tag_library	queue
org.hornetq/hornetq-tools	tag_library	tools
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.identity.entitlement.ui	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.identity.entitlement.ui	tag_library	framework
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.identity.entitlement.ui	tag_library	ui
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.identity.entitlement.ui	tag_library	identity
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.identity.entitlement.ui	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fitnesse	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fitnesse	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fitnesse	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fitnesse	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/release	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/release	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/release	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/release	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-authorization	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-authorization	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-authorization	tag_library	authorization
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-authorization	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-bundle	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-bundle	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-bundle	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-bundle	tag_library	apache
io.projectreactor.netty/reactor-netty	tag_library	network
io.projectreactor.netty/reactor-netty	tag_library	netty
io.projectreactor.netty/reactor-netty	tag_library	socket
io.projectreactor.netty/reactor-netty	tag_library	reactor
com.linecorp.centraldogma/centraldogma-server	tag_library	server
org.opencastproject/opencast-common	tag_library	bundle
org.opencastproject/opencast-common	tag_library	opencast
org.opencastproject/opencast-common	tag_library	osgi
org.picketbox/jbosssx	tag_library	jboss
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-eclipse-wtp	tag_library	eclipse
org.apache.openmeetings/openmeetings-parent	tag_library	apache
org.picketlink/picketlink-federation	tag_library	federation
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	tag_library	github
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	tag_library	scm
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	tag_library	git
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	tag_library	resources
org.apache.camel/camel-stringtemplate	tag_library	string
org.apache.camel/camel-stringtemplate	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-stringtemplate	tag_library	template
org.apache.camel/camel-stringtemplate	tag_library	camel
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-host-controller	tag_library	wildfly
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-host-controller	tag_library	controller
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copy-to-slave	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copy-to-slave	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copy-to-slave	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copy-to-slave	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.unomi/unomi-plugins-base	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.unomi/unomi-plugins-base	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.unomi/unomi-plugins-base	tag_library	apache
org.apache.unomi/unomi-plugins-base	tag_library	osgi
org.ovirt.engine.sdk/ovirt-engine-sdk-java	tag_library	sdk
org.ovirt.engine.sdk/ovirt-engine-sdk-java	tag_library	engine
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	categorise_library	Distributed Computing
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	tag_library	computing
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	tag_library	parallel
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-impl	tag_library	bundle
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-impl	tag_library	tracking
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-impl	tag_library	osgi
hudson.plugins/project-inheritance	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.archiva/archiva	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.groovy/groovy-all	tag_library	groovy
org.jenkins-ci.groovy/groovy-all	tag_library	jenkins
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-webapp	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-webapp	tag_library	application
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-webapp	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-webapp	tag_library	war
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-webapp	tag_library	web
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-webapp	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.nifi/nifi-properties	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-properties	tag_library	properties
org.apache.nifi/nifi-properties	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bowergithub.jgraph/mxgraph	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jgraph/mxgraph	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jgraph/mxgraph	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.jgraph/mxgraph	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.jgraph/mxgraph	tag_library	graph
io.undertow/undertow-servlet	tag_library	undertow
io.undertow/undertow-servlet	tag_library	servlet
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	application
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	server
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	war
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	web
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	file
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/koji	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/koji	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/koji	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/koji	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copyartifact	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copyartifact	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copyartifact	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copyartifact	tag_library	jenkins
org.pac4j/pac4j-core	tag_library	security
apache-log4j/log4j	tag_library	apache
apache-log4j/log4j	tag_library	logging
apache-log4j/log4j	tag_library	log4j
org.apache.camel/camel-mustache	tag_library	mustache
org.apache.camel/camel-mustache	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-mustache	tag_library	camel
org.netbeans.api/org-netbeans-modules-autoupdate-services	tag_library	module
org.netbeans.api/org-netbeans-modules-autoupdate-services	tag_library	ide
org.netbeans.api/org-netbeans-modules-autoupdate-services	tag_library	service
org.netbeans.api/org-netbeans-modules-autoupdate-services	tag_library	api
org.netbeans.api/org-netbeans-modules-autoupdate-services	tag_library	netbeans
org.webjars.npm/fast-csv	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/fast-csv	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/fast-csv	tag_library	csv
org.webjars.npm/fast-csv	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/fast-csv	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/fast-csv	tag_library	resources
tomcat/tomcat-ajp	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat-ajp	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat-ajp	tag_library	tomcat
com.jcraft/jsch	categorise_library	SSH Libraries
com.jcraft/jsch	tag_library	network
com.jcraft/jsch	tag_library	shell
com.jcraft/jsch	tag_library	ssh
com.jcraft/jsch	tag_library	remote
com.jcraft/jsch	tag_library	secure
org.apache.logging.log4j.osgi/log4j-core-osgi-reduced	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.logging.log4j.osgi/log4j-core-osgi-reduced	tag_library	logging
org.apache.logging.log4j.osgi/log4j-core-osgi-reduced	tag_library	log4j
org.apache.logging.log4j.osgi/log4j-core-osgi-reduced	tag_library	apache
org.apache.logging.log4j.osgi/log4j-core-osgi-reduced	tag_library	osgi
tomcat/jasper-runtime	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/jasper-runtime	tag_library	server
tomcat/jasper-runtime	tag_library	tomcat
tomcat/jasper-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.webjars.bower/datatables.net	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/datatables.net	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/datatables.net	tag_library	data
org.webjars.bower/datatables.net	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/datatables.net	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/datatables.net	tag_library	table
org.webjars.npm/mqtt	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mqtt	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mqtt	tag_library	mqtt
org.webjars.npm/mqtt	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mqtt	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mqtt	tag_library	resources
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.11	tag_library	http
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.11	tag_library	server
io.dropwizard/dropwizard-validation	categorise_library	Validation Libraries
io.dropwizard/dropwizard-validation	tag_library	dropwizard
io.dropwizard/dropwizard-validation	tag_library	validation
com.github.httl/httl	tag_library	github
org.apache.activemq/activemq-all	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-all	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-all	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-all	tag_library	apache
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-bitbucket-pipeline	tag_library	pipeline
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-bitbucket-pipeline	tag_library	bitbucket
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-bitbucket-pipeline	tag_library	jenkins
batik/batik-dom	tag_library	graphics
batik/batik-dom	tag_library	svg
batik/batik-dom	tag_library	dom
org.hudsonci.plugins/parameterized-trigger	tag_library	plugin
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-ui	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-ui	tag_library	ui
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-ui	tag_library	management
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-ui	tag_library	starter
io.prestosql/presto-server	tag_library	presto
io.prestosql/presto-server	tag_library	server
org.jboss/jboss-ejb-client	tag_library	ejb
org.jboss/jboss-ejb-client	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss/jboss-ejb-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream	tag_library	xml
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream	tag_library	osgi
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC1	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC1	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC1	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC1	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC1	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	web
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	mvc
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.tika/tika-bundle	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.tika/tika-bundle	tag_library	tika
org.apache.tika/tika-bundle	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tika/tika-bundle	tag_library	osgi
org.jboss.security/jbosssx	tag_library	security
org.jboss.security/jbosssx	tag_library	jboss
org.csanchez.jenkins.plugins/kubernetes	tag_library	plugin
org.csanchez.jenkins.plugins/kubernetes	tag_library	kubernetes
org.csanchez.jenkins.plugins/kubernetes	tag_library	jenkins
com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream	categorise_library	XML Processing
com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream	tag_library	xml
com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream	tag_library	processing
org.drools/drools-workbench-models-test-scenarios	tag_library	rule-engine
org.drools/drools-workbench-models-test-scenarios	tag_library	model
org.drools/drools-workbench-models-test-scenarios	tag_library	testing
org.apache.karaf.config/org.apache.karaf.config.core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.config/org.apache.karaf.config.core	tag_library	config
org.apache.karaf.config/org.apache.karaf.config.core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.config/org.apache.karaf.config.core	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.config/org.apache.karaf.config.core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site	tag_library	apache
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	jmx
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	monitoring
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	framework
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	remote
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	apache
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	osgi
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-common	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-common	tag_library	spring
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-common	tag_library	cache
poi/poi-2.5.1-final	tag_library	poi
org.apache.wicket/wicket-extensions	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wicket/wicket-extensions	tag_library	wicket
org.apache.wicket/wicket-extensions	tag_library	extension
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/parameterized-trigger	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/parameterized-trigger	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/parameterized-trigger	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/parameterized-trigger	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.pdfbox/xmpbox	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/xmpbox	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/xmpbox	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/xmpbox	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core-ext	tag_library	server
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core-ext	tag_library	data
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core-ext	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/uimaj-adapter-vinci	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.uima/uimaj-adapter-vinci	tag_library	adapter
org.apache.uima/uimaj-adapter-vinci	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/uimaj-adapter-vinci	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.heron/heron-simulator	tag_library	apache
org.apache.heron/heron-simulator	tag_library	simulation
org.apache.lucene/lucene-queryparser	tag_library	lucene
org.apache.lucene/lucene-queryparser	tag_library	parser
org.apache.lucene/lucene-queryparser	tag_library	query
org.apache.lucene/lucene-queryparser	tag_library	apache
org.apache.lucene/lucene-queryparser	tag_library	index
org.onosproject/onos-gui	tag_library	ui
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-cloudformation-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-cloudformation-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-cloudformation-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-cloudformation-plugin	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-cloudformation-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-cloudformation-plugin	tag_library	cloudformation
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5-osgi	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5-osgi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5-osgi	tag_library	client
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5-osgi	tag_library	http
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5-osgi	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	openapi
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	swagger
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	api
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	network
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	socket
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	transport
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	netty
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	http
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.karaf.shell/org.apache.karaf.shell.core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.shell/org.apache.karaf.shell.core	tag_library	shell
org.apache.karaf.shell/org.apache.karaf.shell.core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.shell/org.apache.karaf.shell.core	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.shell/org.apache.karaf.shell.core	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/resource-disposer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/resource-disposer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/resource-disposer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/resource-disposer	tag_library	resource
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/resource-disposer	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.archiva/archiva-repository-admin-api	tag_library	admin
org.apache.archiva/archiva-repository-admin-api	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.archiva/archiva-repository-admin-api	tag_library	repository
org.apache.archiva/archiva-repository-admin-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.archiva/archiva-repository-admin-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.archiva/archiva-repository-admin-api	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mattermost	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mattermost	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mattermost	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mattermost	tag_library	jenkins
org.robolectric/android-all	tag_library	android
com.liulishuo.filedownloader/library	categorise_library	Android Packages
com.liulishuo.filedownloader/library	tag_library	downloader
com.liulishuo.filedownloader/library	tag_library	library
com.liulishuo.filedownloader/library	tag_library	aar
com.liulishuo.filedownloader/library	tag_library	mobile
com.liulishuo.filedownloader/library	tag_library	android
org.apache.jackrabbit/oak-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.jackrabbit/oak-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jackrabbit/oak-core	tag_library	cms
org.apache.jackrabbit/oak-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-persistence-jpa	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-persistence-jpa	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-persistence-jpa	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/meliora-testlab	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/meliora-testlab	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/meliora-testlab	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/meliora-testlab	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	network
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	ssh
org.webjars.npm/mathjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mathjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mathjs	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mathjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mathjs	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/dojo	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/dojo	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/dojo	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/dojo	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/tablesorter	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/tablesorter	tag_library	web
org.webjars/tablesorter	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/tablesorter	tag_library	resources
org.owasp.esapi/esapi	tag_library	owasp
org.webjars.bower/remarkable	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/remarkable	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/remarkable	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/remarkable	tag_library	resources
org.apache.camel/camel-http4	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-http4	tag_library	http
org.apache.camel/camel-http4	tag_library	camel
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/subversion	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/subversion	tag_library	scm
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/subversion	tag_library	svn
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-commons	tag_library	web
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-commons	tag_library	commons
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard	tag_library	apache
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard	tag_library	library
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard	tag_library	jsp
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard	tag_library	taglibs
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard	tag_library	taglib
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	categorise_library	Natural Language Processing
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	tag_library	nlp
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	tag_library	parsing
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	tag_library	text
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	tag_library	processing
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	tag_library	language
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	tag_library	machine-learning
org.apache.hive/hive	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive/hive	tag_library	hive
org.apache.hive/hive	tag_library	hadoop
com.erudika/para-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.camel/camel-management-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-management-api	tag_library	management
org.apache.camel/camel-management-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.camel/camel-management-api	tag_library	camel
org.webjars.bower/pretty-photo	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/pretty-photo	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/pretty-photo	tag_library	photo
org.webjars.bower/pretty-photo	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/pretty-photo	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/openui5	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/openui5	tag_library	web
org.webjars/openui5	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/openui5	tag_library	resources
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.mybatis	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.mybatis	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.mybatis	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.mybatis	tag_library	mybatis
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.mybatis	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.mybatis	tag_library	osgi
org.quartz-scheduler/quartz	categorise_library	Job Scheduling
org.quartz-scheduler/quartz	tag_library	scheduling
org.quartz-scheduler/quartz	tag_library	quartz
org.quartz-scheduler/quartz	tag_library	job
org.infinispan/infinispan-client-hotrod	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-client-hotrod	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan/infinispan-client-hotrod	tag_library	client
org.apache.tomcat/jasper	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/jasper	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/jasper	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/jasper	tag_library	tomcat
io.ratpack/ratpack-groovy	tag_library	groovy
io.undertow/undertow-benchmarks	tag_library	undertow
io.undertow/undertow-benchmarks	tag_library	benchmark
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kanboard	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kanboard	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kanboard	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kanboard	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper	tag_library	embedded
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	tag_library	github
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-content-access	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-content-access	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-content-access	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-content-access	tag_library	access
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-1.2.2	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-1.2.2	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-1.2.2	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-1.2.2	tag_library	xml
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-1.2.2	tag_library	osgi
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-security	tag_library	bundle
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-security	tag_library	security
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-security	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	client
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	directory
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/klocwork	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/klocwork	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/klocwork	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/klocwork	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/request	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/request	tag_library	web
org.webjars/request	tag_library	request
org.webjars/request	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/request	tag_library	resources
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server	tag_library	repository
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory	tag_library	directory
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/hockeyapp	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/hockeyapp	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/hockeyapp	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/hockeyapp	tag_library	jenkins
com.typesafe.play/play_2.11	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.typesafe.play/play_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play_2.11	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play_2.11	tag_library	web
com.typesafe.play/play_2.11	tag_library	framework
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pegdown-formatter	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pegdown-formatter	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pegdown-formatter	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pegdown-formatter	tag_library	formatter
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pegdown-formatter	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pegdown-formatter	tag_library	markdown
org.webjars.npm/is-my-json-valid	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/is-my-json-valid	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/is-my-json-valid	tag_library	json
org.webjars.npm/is-my-json-valid	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/is-my-json-valid	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/is-my-json-valid	tag_library	resources
org.mock-server/mockserver-core	tag_library	mock
org.mock-server/mockserver-core	tag_library	server
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	categorise_library	OAuth Libraries
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	tag_library	authorization
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	tag_library	authentication
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	tag_library	oauth
org.webjars.bowergithub.prismjs/prism	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.prismjs/prism	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.prismjs/prism	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.prismjs/prism	tag_library	resources
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	categorise_library	Maven Plugins
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	mojo
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	build
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	build-system
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	maven
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	codehaus
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	exec
org.webjars/bootstrap-select	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/bootstrap-select	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/bootstrap-select	tag_library	web
org.webjars/bootstrap-select	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/bootstrap-select	tag_library	bootstrap
org.webjars.bowergithub.jasny/bootstrap	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jasny/bootstrap	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jasny/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.jasny/bootstrap	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.jasny/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
org.springframework.security/spring-security-web	categorise_library	Security Frameworks
org.springframework.security/spring-security-web	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-web	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-web	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.derby/derbynet	tag_library	database
org.apache.derby/derbynet	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2	tag_library	aws
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2	tag_library	ec2
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2	tag_library	jenkins
com.amazonaws/aws-encryption-sdk-java	tag_library	aws
com.amazonaws/aws-encryption-sdk-java	tag_library	amazon
com.amazonaws/aws-encryption-sdk-java	tag_library	cryptography
com.amazonaws/aws-encryption-sdk-java	tag_library	sdk
org.jolokia/jolokia-jvm	tag_library	jvm
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-autoconfigure	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-autoconfigure	tag_library	config
com.parasoft/environment-manager	tag_library	manager
com.parasoft/environment-manager	tag_library	management
com.parasoft/environment-manager	tag_library	environment
org.apache.derby/derbytools	tag_library	database
org.apache.derby/derbytools	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-ws	tag_library	integration
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-ws	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-ws	tag_library	framework
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	jms
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	queue
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	osgi
io.jooby/jooby-netty	tag_library	network
io.jooby/jooby-netty	tag_library	netty
io.jooby/jooby-netty	tag_library	socket
org.apache.struts/struts-core	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts-core	tag_library	apache
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	categorise_library	Web Servers
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	application
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	server
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	war
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	webserver
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	web
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	webapp
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	jetty
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	http
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	categorise_library	Expression Languages
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	language
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	expression
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.ant/ant-junitlauncher	tag_library	ant
org.apache.ant/ant-junitlauncher	tag_library	apache
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.13	tag_library	twitter
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.13	tag_library	server
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy-all	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy-all	tag_library	jvm
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy-all	tag_library	language
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy-all	tag_library	groovy
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy-all	tag_library	codehaus
org.apache.axis2/axis2-kernel	tag_library	kernel
org.apache.axis2/axis2-kernel	tag_library	apache
org.apache.axis2/axis2-kernel	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	categorise_library	Distributed Computing
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	tag_library	computing
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	tag_library	apache
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	tag_library	parallel
org.neo4j.app/neo4j-server	tag_library	database
org.neo4j.app/neo4j-server	tag_library	server
org.neo4j.app/neo4j-server	tag_library	graph
org.neo4j.app/neo4j-server	tag_library	neo4j
org.apache.commons/commons-configuration2	categorise_library	Configuration Libraries
org.apache.commons/commons-configuration2	tag_library	config
org.apache.commons/commons-configuration2	tag_library	properties
org.apache.commons/commons-configuration2	tag_library	apache
org.apache.commons/commons-configuration2	tag_library	commons
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zap	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zap	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zap	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zap	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bower/casperjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/casperjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/casperjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/casperjs	tag_library	resources
org.apache.james/apache-james-mailbox-maildir	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james/apache-james-mailbox-maildir	tag_library	mail
org.yaml/snakeyaml	categorise_library	YAML Parsers
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	format
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	yaml
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	bundle
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	parser
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	data
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	serialization
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	osgi
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14	tag_library	debug
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14	tag_library	jdk
org.webjars.npm/macaddress	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/macaddress	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/macaddress	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/macaddress	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/macaddress	tag_library	resources
org.apache.karaf.specs/org.apache.karaf.specs.java.xml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.specs/org.apache.karaf.specs.java.xml	tag_library	xml
org.apache.karaf.specs/org.apache.karaf.specs.java.xml	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.specs/org.apache.karaf.specs.java.xml	tag_library	specs
org.apache.karaf.specs/org.apache.karaf.specs.java.xml	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/primeui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/primeui	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/primeui	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/primeui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/primeui	tag_library	resources
org.apache.activemq/activemq-http	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-http	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-http	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-http	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-http	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-cloudscan-jenkins-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-cloudscan-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-cloudscan-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-cloudscan-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.ws	tag_library	integration
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.ws	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.ws	tag_library	framework
dev.paseto/jpaseto-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-workflow-local	tag_library	workflow
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-workflow-local	tag_library	system
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-workflow-local	tag_library	web
org.python/jython	categorise_library	Python Integration
org.python/jython	tag_library	python
org.python/jython	tag_library	integration
org.apache.hadoop/zookeeper	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/zookeeper	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/zookeeper	tag_library	zookeeper
org.apache.druid.extensions/druid-basic-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.druid.extensions/druid-basic-security	tag_library	apache
org.apache.druid.extensions/druid-basic-security	tag_library	druid
org.apache.druid.extensions/druid-basic-security	tag_library	extension
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	categorise_library	Data Formats
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	tag_library	format
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	tag_library	data
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	tag_library	google
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	tag_library	protobuf
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	tag_library	serialization
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	tag_library	protocol
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	categorise_library	JPA Implementations
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	orm
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	openjpa
com.alipay.sofa/hessian	tag_library	payments
com.alipay.sofa/hessian	tag_library	alipay
com.alipay.sofa/hessian	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.tika/tika-app	tag_library	tika
org.apache.tika/tika-app	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-kernel	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-kernel	tag_library	kernel
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-kernel	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-kernel	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-kernel	tag_library	openjpa
org.webjars.npm/mjml	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mjml	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mjml	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mjml	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mjml	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/violation-comments-to-gitlab	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/violation-comments-to-gitlab	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/violation-comments-to-gitlab	tag_library	gitlab
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/violation-comments-to-gitlab	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/violation-comments-to-gitlab	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh	tag_library	network
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh	tag_library	ssh
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.struts/struts-taglib	categorise_library	JSP Tag Libraries
org.apache.struts/struts-taglib	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts-taglib	tag_library	apache
org.apache.struts/struts-taglib	tag_library	library
org.apache.struts/struts-taglib	tag_library	jsp
org.apache.struts/struts-taglib	tag_library	taglib
org.apache.unomi/unomi-common	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.unomi/unomi-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.unomi/unomi-common	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.hono/hono-bom	categorise_library	Bill of materials
org.eclipse.hono/hono-bom	tag_library	bom
org.eclipse.hono/hono-bom	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hono/hono-bom	tag_library	build
org.eclipse.hono/hono-bom	tag_library	dependencies
org.apache.geronimo/geronimo	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope/syncope	tag_library	apache
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	admin
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	module
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	bundle
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	server
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	service
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	web
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	webservice
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	console
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	osgi
org.restlet.jse/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	rest
org.restlet.jse/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	xml
org.restlet.jse/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	restlet
apache-taglibs/standard	tag_library	apache
apache-taglibs/standard	tag_library	library
apache-taglibs/standard	tag_library	jsp
apache-taglibs/standard	tag_library	taglibs
apache-taglibs/standard	tag_library	jstl
apache-taglibs/standard	tag_library	taglib
info.bluefloyd.jenkins/jenkins-jira-issue-updater	tag_library	jira
info.bluefloyd.jenkins/jenkins-jira-issue-updater	tag_library	jenkins
info.bluefloyd.jenkins/jenkins-jira-issue-updater	tag_library	updater
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/youtrack-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/youtrack-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/youtrack-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/youtrack-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	socket
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	server
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	websocket
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	service
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	jetty
com.alauda.jenkins.plugins/alauda-devops-pipeline	tag_library	plugin
com.alauda.jenkins.plugins/alauda-devops-pipeline	tag_library	pipeline
com.alauda.jenkins.plugins/alauda-devops-pipeline	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5	tag_library	network
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5	tag_library	apache
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5	tag_library	client
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5	tag_library	http
org.apache.synapse/Apache-Synapse	tag_library	apache
io.vertx/vertx-web	tag_library	vertx
io.vertx/vertx-web	tag_library	web
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-build-stats	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	stats
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	jenkins
jgroups/jgroups	tag_library	jgroups
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios	tag_library	resources
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-flowanalyzer	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-flowanalyzer	tag_library	tools
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-flowanalyzer	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-flowanalyzer	tag_library	toolkit
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-protocol	tag_library	wildfly
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-protocol	tag_library	protocol
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	tag_library	kubernetes
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	tag_library	google
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	tag_library	engine
org.apache.hive/hive-common	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive/hive-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive/hive-common	tag_library	hive
org.springframework/spring-webmvc	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.springframework/spring-webmvc	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-webmvc	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-webmvc	tag_library	web
org.springframework/spring-webmvc	tag_library	mvc
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server-config	tag_library	repository
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server-config	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server-config	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server-config	tag_library	config
org.apache.zeppelin/zeppelin-zengine	tag_library	apache
io.jenkins.docker/docker-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.docker/docker-plugin	tag_library	docker
io.jenkins.docker/docker-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.keycloak/keycloak-core	tag_library	keycloak
org.webjars.bower/dijit	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/dijit	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/dijit	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/dijit	tag_library	resources
org.hudsonci.plugins/git	categorise_library	Git Tools
org.hudsonci.plugins/git	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/git	tag_library	versioning
org.hudsonci.plugins/git	tag_library	scm
org.hudsonci.plugins/git	tag_library	version-control
org.hudsonci.plugins/git	tag_library	git
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j	tag_library	logging
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j	tag_library	log4j
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-kafka-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-kafka-processors	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.nifi/nifi-kafka-processors	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.nifi/nifi-kafka-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-kafka-processors	tag_library	processor
org.opencastproject/opencast-oaipmh-api	tag_library	bundle
org.opencastproject/opencast-oaipmh-api	tag_library	api
org.opencastproject/opencast-oaipmh-api	tag_library	opencast
org.opencastproject/opencast-oaipmh-api	tag_library	osgi
io.hawt/hawtio-springboot	tag_library	spring
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shelve-project-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shelve-project-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shelve-project-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shelve-project-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
io.syndesis.server/server-runtime	tag_library	server
io.syndesis.server/server-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cas-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cas-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cas-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cas-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	tag_library	authentication
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	tag_library	locking
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.main/remoting	tag_library	remote
org.jenkins-ci.main/remoting	tag_library	jenkins
org.springframework/org.springframework.context	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/org.springframework.context	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/org.springframework.context	tag_library	context
org.apache.struts/struts2-config-browser-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.struts/struts2-config-browser-plugin	tag_library	browser
org.apache.struts/struts2-config-browser-plugin	tag_library	config
org.apache.struts/struts2-config-browser-plugin	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-config-browser-plugin	tag_library	apache
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	plugin
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	bundle
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	google
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	ui
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	jquery
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	wicket
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	osgi
com.liferay/com.liferay.frontend.taglib	categorise_library	JSP Tag Libraries
com.liferay/com.liferay.frontend.taglib	tag_library	liferay
com.liferay/com.liferay.frontend.taglib	tag_library	library
com.liferay/com.liferay.frontend.taglib	tag_library	jsp
com.liferay/com.liferay.frontend.taglib	tag_library	taglib
com.liferay/com.liferay.frontend.taglib	tag_library	frontend
com.shopizer/sm-core-model	tag_library	model
tech.andrey.jenkins/mission-control-view	tag_library	control
tech.andrey.jenkins/mission-control-view	tag_library	jenkins
tech.andrey.jenkins/mission-control-view	tag_library	view
org.jboss.ws/jbossws-common	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-ui-backend	tag_library	sharding
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-ui-backend	tag_library	ui
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-ui-backend	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-ui-backend	tag_library	backend
ch.qos.logback/logback-access	tag_library	logback
ch.qos.logback/logback-access	tag_library	logging
ch.qos.logback/logback-access	tag_library	access
junit/junit	categorise_library	Testing Frameworks & Tools
junit/junit	tag_library	testing
junit/junit	tag_library	junit
junit/junit	tag_library	quality
org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-backend	tag_library	designer
org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-backend	tag_library	bpm
org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-backend	tag_library	backend
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-framework	tag_library	framework
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-framework	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-framework	tag_library	apache
net.sourceforge.htmlunit/htmlunit	categorise_library	Web Testing
net.sourceforge.htmlunit/htmlunit	tag_library	quality
net.sourceforge.htmlunit/htmlunit	tag_library	htmlunit
net.sourceforge.htmlunit/htmlunit	tag_library	testing
net.sourceforge.htmlunit/htmlunit	tag_library	web
net.sourceforge.htmlunit/htmlunit	tag_library	html
io.ktor/ktor-server-cio	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-server-cio	tag_library	kotlin
io.ktor/ktor-server-cio	tag_library	server
org.webjars.bowergithub.gseguin/jquery-hashchange	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.gseguin/jquery-hashchange	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.gseguin/jquery-hashchange	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.gseguin/jquery-hashchange	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.gseguin/jquery-hashchange	tag_library	jquery
org.jboss.netty/netty	tag_library	network
org.jboss.netty/netty	tag_library	bundle
org.jboss.netty/netty	tag_library	socket
org.jboss.netty/netty	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.netty/netty	tag_library	netty
org.jboss.netty/netty	tag_library	osgi
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	play-framework
io.ktor/ktor-http-cio	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-http-cio	tag_library	kotlin
io.ktor/ktor-http-cio	tag_library	http
org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-deployers-common	tag_library	deployment
org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-deployers-common	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/jetspeed-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/jetspeed-security	tag_library	portal
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/jetspeed-security	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8	tag_library	xml
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/absint-astree	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/absint-astree	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/absint-astree	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/absint-astree	tag_library	jenkins
org.codehaus.plexus/plexus-utils	categorise_library	Core Utilities
org.codehaus.plexus/plexus-utils	tag_library	codehaus
org.apache.heron/heron-spi	tag_library	interface
org.apache.heron/heron-spi	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openstack-cloud	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openstack-cloud	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openstack-cloud	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openstack-cloud	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openstack-cloud	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openstack-cloud	tag_library	openstack
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	categorise_library	Natural Language Processing
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	nlp
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	tools
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	parsing
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	opennlp
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	text
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	processing
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	language
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	apache
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	machine-learning
fr.edf.jenkins.plugins/mac	tag_library	plugin
fr.edf.jenkins.plugins/mac	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.activemq/activemq-openwire-generator	tag_library	generator
org.apache.activemq/activemq-openwire-generator	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-openwire-generator	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-openwire-generator	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-openwire-generator	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	tag_library	cryptography
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	tag_library	crypto
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	tag_library	encryption
org.apache.nifi/nifi-stateless	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-stateless	tag_library	apache
com.liferay.portal/portal-impl	tag_library	portal
com.liferay.portal/portal-impl	tag_library	liferay
com.liferay.portal/portal-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.restlet.gae/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	rest
org.restlet.gae/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	xml
org.restlet.gae/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	restlet
org.restlet.gae/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	appengine
org.webjars/decompress	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/decompress	tag_library	web
org.webjars/decompress	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/decompress	tag_library	resources
org.apache.orc/orc-core	tag_library	apache
org.grails/grails-core	tag_library	grails
org.grails/grails-core	tag_library	groovy
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	tag_library	javascript
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-security	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-security	tag_library	security
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-security	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-security	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-security	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.camel/camel-main	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-main	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-microscanner	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-microscanner	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-microscanner	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-microscanner	tag_library	jenkins
org.openapitools/openapi-generator-project	tag_library	generator
org.openapitools/openapi-generator-project	tag_library	openapi
org.openapitools/openapi-generator-project	tag_library	api
net.sf.jasperreports/jasperreports	tag_library	report
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker	tag_library	communication
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker	tag_library	queue
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker	tag_library	broker
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker	tag_library	apache
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker	tag_library	message
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter	tag_library	jmeter
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter	tag_library	performance
jgroups/jgroups-all	tag_library	jgroups
org.opencastproject/opencast-kernel	tag_library	kernel
org.opencastproject/opencast-kernel	tag_library	bundle
org.opencastproject/opencast-kernel	tag_library	opencast
org.opencastproject/opencast-kernel	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-core	categorise_library	Hadoop Databases
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-core	tag_library	database
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-core	tag_library	accumulo
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-core	tag_library	nosql
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-core	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-core	tag_library	apache
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/groovy	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/groovy	tag_library	groovy
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-server	tag_library	database
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-server	tag_library	server
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-server	tag_library	orientdb
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-client	tag_library	queue
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-client	tag_library	rocketmq
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-client	tag_library	client
com.ds.tools.hudson/crowd	tag_library	tools
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ws-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ws-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ws-core	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ws-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ws-core	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/publish-over-cifs	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/publish-over-cifs	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/publish-over-cifs	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/publish-over-cifs	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jx-resources	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jx-resources	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jx-resources	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jx-resources	tag_library	resource
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jx-resources	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j-core	categorise_library	Logging Frameworks
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j-core	tag_library	logging
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j-core	tag_library	log4j
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j-core	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/string	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/string	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/string	tag_library	string
org.webjars.npm/string	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/string	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/string	tag_library	resources
org.onosproject/onos-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	application
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	registry
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	war
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-stax	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-stax	tag_library	security
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-stax	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-stax	tag_library	xml
org.apache.geode/geode-pulse	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.geode/geode-pulse	tag_library	application
org.apache.geode/geode-pulse	tag_library	war
org.apache.geode/geode-pulse	tag_library	web
org.apache.geode/geode-pulse	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.geode/geode-pulse	tag_library	apache
org.wisdom-framework/derby	tag_library	framework
org.wisdom-framework/derby	tag_library	database
org.wisdom-framework/derby	tag_library	osgi
org.wisdom-framework/derby	tag_library	bundle
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shared-objects	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shared-objects	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shared-objects	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shared-objects	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ftppublisher	tag_library	plugin
org.eclipse.milo/stack-core	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.milo/stack-core	tag_library	stack
io.jenkins.plugins/chaos-monkey	tag_library	plugin
io.jenkins.plugins/chaos-monkey	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	application
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	war
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	ui
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/papaparse	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/papaparse	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/papaparse	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/papaparse	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/papaparse	tag_library	resources
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-api	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-api	tag_library	management
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-api	tag_library	api
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-api	tag_library	starter
org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock	tag_library	authentication
org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock	tag_library	locking
org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock	tag_library	resources
com.gradle/gradle-enterprise-maven-extension	tag_library	build
com.gradle/gradle-enterprise-maven-extension	tag_library	build-system
com.gradle/gradle-enterprise-maven-extension	tag_library	maven
com.gradle/gradle-enterprise-maven-extension	tag_library	gradle
com.gradle/gradle-enterprise-maven-extension	tag_library	groovy
com.gradle/gradle-enterprise-maven-extension	tag_library	extension
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	database
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	sql
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	registry
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	jdbc
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	spring
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	apache
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-client	tag_library	micronaut
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-client	tag_library	http
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-client	tag_library	client
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/sitemonitor	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.npm/datatables	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/datatables	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/datatables	tag_library	data
org.webjars.npm/datatables	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/datatables	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/datatables	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/datatables	tag_library	table
org.webjars.bower/knockout	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/knockout	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/knockout	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/knockout	tag_library	resources
org.onosproject/onos-apps-acl	tag_library	acl
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	queue
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	messaging
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	amqp
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	broker
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	apache
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	protocol
io.hawt/hawtio-system	tag_library	system
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl	tag_library	module
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl	tag_library	deltaspike
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl	tag_library	apache
org.jasig.cas/cas-server-core	tag_library	server
org.kie.server/kie-server-common	tag_library	bundle
org.kie.server/kie-server-common	tag_library	server
org.kie.server/kie-server-common	tag_library	osgi
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-web	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-web	tag_library	application
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-web	tag_library	war
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-web	tag_library	web
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-web	tag_library	webapp
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-web	tag_library	sonar
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openid	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openid	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openid	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openid	tag_library	openid
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openid	tag_library	jenkins
org.hudsonci.plugins/coverity	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.poi/poi-examples	tag_library	poi
org.apache.poi/poi-examples	tag_library	apache
org.apache.poi/poi-examples	tag_library	example
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-proxy	tag_library	data
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-proxy	tag_library	apache
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-proxy	tag_library	proxy
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-proxy	tag_library	client
hudson.plugins/starteam	tag_library	plugin
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	build
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	build-system
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	barchart
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	visualization
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	maven
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	chart
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	jenkins
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.11	tag_library	twitter
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.11	tag_library	server
org.apache.hive/hive-service	tag_library	service
org.apache.hive/hive-service	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive/hive-service	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive/hive-service	tag_library	hive
org.hudsonci.plugins/job-import-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/job-import-plugin	tag_library	import
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-scanner-engine	tag_library	scanning
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-scanner-engine	tag_library	sonar
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-scanner-engine	tag_library	engine
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-project	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-project	tag_library	apache
commons-httpclient/commons-httpclient	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
commons-httpclient/commons-httpclient	tag_library	commons
commons-httpclient/commons-httpclient	tag_library	http
commons-httpclient/commons-httpclient	tag_library	client
commons-httpclient/commons-httpclient	tag_library	network
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crowd2	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crowd2	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crowd2	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crowd2	tag_library	jenkins
com.dubture.jenkins/digitalocean-plugin	tag_library	plugin
com.dubture.jenkins/digitalocean-plugin	tag_library	digitalocean
com.dubture.jenkins/digitalocean-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.myfaces.trinidad/trinidad-impl	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.trinidad/trinidad-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.myfaces.trinidad/trinidad-impl	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/harvest	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/harvest	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/harvest	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/harvest	tag_library	jenkins
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15to18	tag_library	jdk
com.hoiio.jenkins/sms	tag_library	sms
com.hoiio.jenkins/sms	tag_library	jenkins
net.jpountz.lz4/lz4	categorise_library	Hashing Libraries
net.jpountz.lz4/lz4	tag_library	hashing
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15+	tag_library	jdk
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-model	tag_library	bundle
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-model	tag_library	model
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-model	tag_library	tracking
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-model	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ha	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ha	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ha	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ha	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	security
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	authentication
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	osgi
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/findbugs	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/findbugs	tag_library	analysis
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/findbugs	tag_library	findbugs
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	categorise_library	Font Libraries
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	tag_library	font
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	tag_library	typography
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core	tag_library	server
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core	tag_library	data
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty-common	tag_library	server
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty-common	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty-common	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty-common	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/backlog	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/backlog	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/backlog	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/backlog	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/reveal.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/reveal.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/reveal.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars/reveal.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/reveal.js	tag_library	javascript
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war	tag_library	application
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war	tag_library	war
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war	tag_library	web
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war	tag_library	webapp
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war	tag_library	jenkins
org.grails/grails-spring	tag_library	grails
org.grails/grails-spring	tag_library	groovy
org.grails/grails-spring	tag_library	spring
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.util	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.util	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.util	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack	tag_library	jenkins
io.ktor/ktor-client-cio	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-client-cio	tag_library	kotlin
io.ktor/ktor-client-cio	tag_library	client
ca.juliusdavies/not-yet-commons-ssl	tag_library	ssl
ca.juliusdavies/not-yet-commons-ssl	tag_library	commons
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
com.github.shyiko/ktlint	tag_library	github
com.github.shyiko/ktlint	tag_library	lint
io.prestosql/presto-main	tag_library	presto
org.apache.activemq/activemq-stomp	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-stomp	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-stomp	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-stomp	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	tag_library	visualization
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	tag_library	chart
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-branch-source	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-branch-source	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-branch-source	tag_library	github
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-branch-source	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-branch-source	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/faye	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/faye	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/faye	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/faye	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/faye	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	tag_library	git
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	tag_library	client
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/bugzilla	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.wink/wink-assembly-aggregatejar-osgi	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.wink/wink-assembly-aggregatejar-osgi	tag_library	assembly
org.apache.wink/wink-assembly-aggregatejar-osgi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wink/wink-assembly-aggregatejar-osgi	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner	tag_library	runner
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner	tag_library	liquibase
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner	tag_library	jenkins
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13.0-RC2	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13.0-RC2	tag_library	play-framework
org.apache.skywalking/oap-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.skywalking/oap-server	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-environment	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-environment	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-environment	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-environment	tag_library	environment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-environment	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.tika/tika-parsers	tag_library	parser
org.apache.tika/tika-parsers	tag_library	tika
org.apache.tika/tika-parsers	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wink/wink-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.wink/wink-server	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer	tag_library	deployment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer	tag_library	websphere
org.ukiuni.callOtherJenkins/call-remote-job-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.ukiuni.callOtherJenkins/call-remote-job-plugin	tag_library	remote
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgrasterizer	tag_library	svg
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgrasterizer	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgrasterizer	tag_library	graphics
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-infinispan	tag_library	infinispan
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-infinispan	tag_library	model
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-infinispan	tag_library	cache
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-infinispan	tag_library	keycloak
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mantis	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mantis	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mantis	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mantis	tag_library	jenkins
apache-xerces/xercesImpl	tag_library	apache
apache-xerces/xercesImpl	tag_library	parser
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-api	tag_library	api
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-api	tag_library	alibaba
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlet	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlet	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlet	tag_library	servlet
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlet	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlet	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lumberjack-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lumberjack-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lumberjack-processors	tag_library	processor
ren.helloworld/upload-pgyer	tag_library	upload
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-management	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-management	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-management	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-management	tag_library	management
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-management	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka-client	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka-client	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.cxf/cxf-common-utilities	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-common-utilities	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-input-step	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-input-step	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-input-step	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-input-step	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-input-step	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-input-step	tag_library	input
org.hornetq/hornetq-jboss-as-integration	tag_library	integration
org.hornetq/hornetq-jboss-as-integration	tag_library	queue
org.hornetq/hornetq-jboss-as-integration	tag_library	jboss
net.sf.dozer/dozer	tag_library	dozer
org.hibernate/hibernate	categorise_library	Object/Relational Mapping
org.hibernate/hibernate	tag_library	persistence
org.hibernate/hibernate	tag_library	mapping
org.hibernate/hibernate	tag_library	orm
org.hibernate/hibernate	tag_library	hibernate
org.hibernate/hibernate	tag_library	relational
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-project	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-project	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-project	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-project	tag_library	matrix
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-project	tag_library	jenkins
net.i2p/router	tag_library	routing
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/collabnet	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	time
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	timer
org.apache.hive.hcatalog/hive-hcatalog-core	tag_library	catalog
org.apache.hive.hcatalog/hive-hcatalog-core	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive.hcatalog/hive-hcatalog-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive.hcatalog/hive-hcatalog-core	tag_library	hive
org.graylog2/graylog2-server	tag_library	logging
org.graylog2/graylog2-server	tag_library	graylog
org.graylog2/graylog2-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.qpid/apache-qpid-broker-j	tag_library	broker
org.apache.qpid/apache-qpid-broker-j	tag_library	apache
org.apache.dolphinscheduler/dolphinscheduler-dao	tag_library	scheduling
org.apache.dolphinscheduler/dolphinscheduler-dao	tag_library	dao
org.apache.dolphinscheduler/dolphinscheduler-dao	tag_library	apache
com.exadel.flamingo.flex/amf-serializer	tag_library	serialization
org.datadog.jenkins.plugins/datadog	tag_library	plugin
org.datadog.jenkins.plugins/datadog	tag_library	monitoring
org.datadog.jenkins.plugins/datadog	tag_library	datadog
org.datadog.jenkins.plugins/datadog	tag_library	jenkins
tomcat/tomcat-jk2	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat-jk2	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat-jk2	tag_library	tomcat
org.webjars.bowergithub.faisalman/ua-parser-js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.faisalman/ua-parser-js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.faisalman/ua-parser-js	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.bowergithub.faisalman/ua-parser-js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.faisalman/ua-parser-js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.faisalman/ua-parser-js	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-core	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-jsgui	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-jsgui	tag_library	application
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-jsgui	tag_library	war
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-jsgui	tag_library	web
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-jsgui	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-jsgui	tag_library	apache
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner	tag_library	runner
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-dom	tag_library	svg
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-dom	tag_library	dom
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-dom	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-dom	tag_library	graphics
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	xml
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	rpc
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	xmlrpc
org.webjars.bowergithub.moment/moment	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.moment/moment	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.moment/moment	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.moment/moment	tag_library	resources
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx	tag_library	jmx
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx	tag_library	monitoring
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx	tag_library	flink
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx	tag_library	apache
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx	tag_library	metrics
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app	tag_library	mapreduce
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app	tag_library	client
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app	tag_library	parallel
org.apache.unomi/unomi-wab	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.unomi/unomi-wab	tag_library	apache
org.apache.unomi/unomi-wab	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps	tag_library	workflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-github-pipeline	tag_library	github
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-github-pipeline	tag_library	pipeline
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-github-pipeline	tag_library	jenkins
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.12	tag_library	twitter
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.12	tag_library	server
org.apache.nifi/nifi-security-utils	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-security-utils	tag_library	security
org.apache.nifi/nifi-security-utils	tag_library	apache
org.neo4j/neo4j-enterprise	tag_library	database
org.neo4j/neo4j-enterprise	tag_library	graph
org.neo4j/neo4j-enterprise	tag_library	neo4j
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory	tag_library	artifactory
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory	tag_library	jenkins
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common	tag_library	identity
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/whitesource	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/whitesource	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/whitesource	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/whitesource	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/lazysizes	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/lazysizes	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/lazysizes	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/lazysizes	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/lazysizes	tag_library	resources
org.apache.calcite/calcite-druid	tag_library	apache
org.apache.calcite/calcite-druid	tag_library	druid
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	database
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	sql
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	postgresql
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-administration	tag_library	admin
org.apache.nifi/nifi-administration	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-administration	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	tag_library	application
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	tag_library	war
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	tag_library	apache
tomcat/catalina-optional	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/catalina-optional	tag_library	server
tomcat/catalina-optional	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.nifi/nifi-utils	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-utils	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/view26	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/view26	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/view26	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/view26	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/view26	tag_library	view
activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	jms
activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	queue
activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	activemq
org.springframework.security/spring-security-saml2-service-provider	tag_library	provider
org.springframework.security/spring-security-saml2-service-provider	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-saml2-service-provider	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-saml2-service-provider	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-saml2-service-provider	tag_library	service
org.springframework.security/spring-security-saml2-service-provider	tag_library	saml
org.webjars.bower/angular-timeline	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/angular-timeline	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/angular-timeline	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.bower/angular-timeline	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/angular-timeline	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/angular-timeline	tag_library	timeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/custom-job-icon	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/custom-job-icon	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/custom-job-icon	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/custom-job-icon	tag_library	icons
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/custom-job-icon	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.activemq/activemq-parent	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-parent	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-parent	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-parent	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.directory.studio/ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	browser
org.apache.directory.studio/ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.studio/ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.directory.studio/ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	directory
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-io	categorise_library	I/O Utilities
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-io	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-io	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-io	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-io	tag_library	io
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-io	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.wst.dtd/core	tag_library	eclipse
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	openapi
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	swagger
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	api
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/timestamper	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/timestamper	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/timestamper	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/timestamper	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf/cxf	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf	tag_library	cxf
org.springframework/spring-core	categorise_library	Core Utilities
org.springframework/spring-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-common-ldap	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-common-ldap	tag_library	apache
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-common-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-common-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-common-ldap	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.hive/hive-hplsql	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive/hive-hplsql	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive/hive-hplsql	tag_library	hive
org.webjars/superagent	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/superagent	tag_library	web
org.webjars/superagent	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/superagent	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	categorise_library	JWT Libraries
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	security
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	json
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	authentication
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	jwt
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	resources
org.apache.activemq/activemq-jaas	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-jaas	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-jaas	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-jaas	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery	tag_library	jquery
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery	tag_library	resources
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-client-lib	tag_library	client
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-client-lib	tag_library	library
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-client-lib	tag_library	identity
net.sourceforge.pmd/pmd	categorise_library	Code Analyzers
net.sourceforge.pmd/pmd	tag_library	analysis
net.sourceforge.pmd/pmd	tag_library	code
net.sourceforge.pmd/pmd	tag_library	analyzer
net.sourceforge.pmd/pmd	tag_library	quality
io.ktor/ktor-auth	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-auth	tag_library	kotlin
io.ktor/ktor-auth	tag_library	authentication
br.com.ingenieux.jenkins.plugins/awseb-deployment-plugin	tag_library	plugin
br.com.ingenieux.jenkins.plugins/awseb-deployment-plugin	tag_library	deployment
br.com.ingenieux.jenkins.plugins/awseb-deployment-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.python/jython-standalone	categorise_library	Language Runtime
org.python/jython-standalone	tag_library	python
org.python/jython-standalone	tag_library	language
org.python/jython-standalone	tag_library	runtime
org.hudsonci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	scm
org.hudsonci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	svn
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty	tag_library	server
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin	tag_library	deployment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin	tag_library	weblogic
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.tomee/openejb-loader	tag_library	loader
org.apache.tomee/openejb-loader	tag_library	ejb
org.apache.tomee/openejb-loader	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.tomee/openejb-loader	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomee/openejb-loader	tag_library	openejb
org.webjars.bowergithub.cure53/dompurify	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.cure53/dompurify	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.cure53/dompurify	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.cure53/dompurify	tag_library	resources
com.lowagie/itext	categorise_library	PDF Libraries
com.lowagie/itext	tag_library	pdf
com.lowagie/itext	tag_library	format
com.lowagie/itext	tag_library	document
com.lowagie/itext	tag_library	office
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy	tag_library	codehaus
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy	tag_library	groovy
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy	tag_library	jvm
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy	tag_library	language
org.apache.james/james-server-core	tag_library	server
org.apache.james/james-server-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james/james-server-core	tag_library	mail
com.elasticbox.jenkins-ci.plugins/kubernetes-ci	tag_library	plugin
com.elasticbox.jenkins-ci.plugins/kubernetes-ci	tag_library	kubernetes
com.elasticbox.jenkins-ci.plugins/kubernetes-ci	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.skywalking/storage-jdbc-hikaricp-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.skywalking/storage-jdbc-hikaricp-plugin	tag_library	database
org.apache.skywalking/storage-jdbc-hikaricp-plugin	tag_library	sql
org.apache.skywalking/storage-jdbc-hikaricp-plugin	tag_library	jdbc
org.apache.skywalking/storage-jdbc-hikaricp-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.apache.skywalking/storage-jdbc-hikaricp-plugin	tag_library	storage
org.webjars.bower/lodash	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/lodash	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/lodash	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/lodash	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/qs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/qs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/qs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/qs	tag_library	resources
org.restlet/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	rest
org.restlet/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	xml
org.restlet/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	restlet
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/jetspeed-portal	tag_library	portal
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/jetspeed-portal	tag_library	apache
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.11	categorise_library	JWT Libraries
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.11	tag_library	security
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.11	tag_library	json
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.11	tag_library	authentication
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.11	tag_library	jwt
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk14	tag_library	jdk
io.arrow-kt/arrow-core	categorise_library	Functional Programming
io.arrow-kt/arrow-core	tag_library	arrow
io.arrow-kt/arrow-core	tag_library	functional
io.arrow-kt/arrow-core	tag_library	programming
io.arrow-kt/arrow-core	tag_library	fp
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/locked-files-report	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/locked-files-report	tag_library	report
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/locked-files-report	tag_library	file
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/locked-files-report	tag_library	io
org.apache.storm/storm-hbase	tag_library	database
org.apache.storm/storm-hbase	tag_library	apache
org.apache.storm/storm-hbase	tag_library	hbase
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-embedded	tag_library	embedded
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-embedded	tag_library	wildfly
org.apache.kylin/kylin-core-common	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/grunt	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/grunt	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/grunt	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/grunt	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/grunt	tag_library	resources
org.apache.pdfbox/preflight-app	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/preflight-app	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/preflight-app	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/preflight-app	tag_library	osgi
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-core	tag_library	database
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-core	tag_library	orientdb
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitea	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitea	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitea	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitea	tag_library	gitea
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitea	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bowergithub.axios/axios	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.axios/axios	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.axios/axios	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.axios/axios	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	quality
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	api
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	functional
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/logstash	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/logstash	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/logstash	tag_library	logging
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/logstash	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/logstash	tag_library	logstash
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/logstash	tag_library	jenkins
org.jboss.as/jboss-as-modcluster	tag_library	jboss
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-server	tag_library	server
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-server	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-server	tag_library	config
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-server	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-server	tag_library	cloud
ch.qos.logback/logback-core	categorise_library	Logging Frameworks
ch.qos.logback/logback-core	tag_library	logback
ch.qos.logback/logback-core	tag_library	logging
com.netflix.spinnaker.orca/orca-core	tag_library	spinnaker
com.netflix.spinnaker.orca/orca-core	tag_library	netflix
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-core	tag_library	cms
org.apache.unomi/unomi-kar	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncviewer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncviewer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncviewer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncviewer	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins.m2release/m2release	tag_library	plugin
com.googlecode.owasp-java-html-sanitizer/owasp-java-html-sanitizer	tag_library	bundle
com.googlecode.owasp-java-html-sanitizer/owasp-java-html-sanitizer	tag_library	google
com.googlecode.owasp-java-html-sanitizer/owasp-java-html-sanitizer	tag_library	sanitizer
com.googlecode.owasp-java-html-sanitizer/owasp-java-html-sanitizer	tag_library	owasp
com.googlecode.owasp-java-html-sanitizer/owasp-java-html-sanitizer	tag_library	html
com.googlecode.owasp-java-html-sanitizer/owasp-java-html-sanitizer	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgbrowser	tag_library	svg
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgbrowser	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgbrowser	tag_library	graphics
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saml	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saml	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saml	tag_library	security
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saml	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saml	tag_library	saml
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saml	tag_library	jenkins
org.eclipse.vorto/parent	tag_library	eclipse
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	aws
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	amazon
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	logging
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	monitoring
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	cloudwatch
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	metrics
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	tag_library	application
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	tag_library	war
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	tag_library	assembly
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	tag_library	web
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ant	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ant	tag_library	ant
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ant	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ant	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ant	tag_library	tomcat
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	tag_library	identifier
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	tag_library	uuid
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	tag_library	node
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	tag_library	formula
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	tag_library	resources
com.github.binarywang/wx-java	tag_library	github
org.apache.hbase/hbase	categorise_library	Hadoop Databases
org.apache.hbase/hbase	tag_library	database
org.apache.hbase/hbase	tag_library	nosql
org.apache.hbase/hbase	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hbase/hbase	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hbase/hbase	tag_library	hbase
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	categorise_library	Web Servers
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	tag_library	web
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	tag_library	http
net.opentsdb/opentsdb	tag_library	timeseries
net.opentsdb/opentsdb	tag_library	opentsdb
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit	tag_library	junit
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/tar	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/tar	tag_library	web
org.webjars/tar	tag_library	tar
org.webjars/tar	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/tar	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	tag_library	jpeg
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring3	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring3	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring3	tag_library	spring
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring3	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring3	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.james/james-server-spring	tag_library	server
org.apache.james/james-server-spring	tag_library	spring
org.apache.james/james-server-spring	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james/james-server-spring	tag_library	mail
org.webjars.npm/fstream	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/fstream	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/fstream	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/fstream	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/fstream	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	tag_library	url
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	tag_library	resources
com.soasta.jenkins/cloudtest	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bowergithub.highlightjs/highlight.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.highlightjs/highlight.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.highlightjs/highlight.js	tag_library	highlight
org.webjars.bowergithub.highlightjs/highlight.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.highlightjs/highlight.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.highlightjs/highlight.js	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	batch
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.zeppelin/zeppelin	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/brakeman	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/brakeman	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/brakeman	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/brakeman	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	communication
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	queue
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	broker
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	apache
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	message
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-core	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-core	tag_library	batch
org.apache.derby/derby	categorise_library	JDBC Drivers
org.apache.derby/derby	tag_library	database
org.apache.derby/derby	tag_library	sql
org.apache.derby/derby	tag_library	jdbc
org.apache.derby/derby	tag_library	driver
org.apache.derby/derby	tag_library	apache
org.apache.derby/derby	tag_library	rdbms
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core	tag_library	security
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bowergithub.pandao/editor.md	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.pandao/editor.md	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.pandao/editor.md	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.pandao/editor.md	tag_library	editor
org.webjars.bowergithub.pandao/editor.md	tag_library	resources
org.apache.nifi/nifi-socket-utils	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-socket-utils	tag_library	socket
org.apache.nifi/nifi-socket-utils	tag_library	apache
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-api	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-api	tag_library	api
hudson.plugins.klaros/klaros-testmanagement	tag_library	plugin
com.sun.jersey/jersey-server	tag_library	server
com.sun.jersey/jersey-server	tag_library	webservice
org.opencastproject/base	tag_library	opencast
com.hotels.styx/styx-components	tag_library	component
org.mybatis/mybatis	categorise_library	Object/Relational Mapping
org.mybatis/mybatis	tag_library	persistence
org.mybatis/mybatis	tag_library	mapping
org.mybatis/mybatis	tag_library	orm
org.mybatis/mybatis	tag_library	mybatis
org.mybatis/mybatis	tag_library	relational
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/groovy-postbuild	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/groovy-postbuild	tag_library	groovy
com.ning/async-http-client	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.ning/async-http-client	tag_library	network
com.ning/async-http-client	tag_library	client
com.ning/async-http-client	tag_library	asynchronous
com.ning/async-http-client	tag_library	http
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-impl	categorise_library	Dependency Injection
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-impl	tag_library	dependency-injection
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-impl	tag_library	ioc
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-impl	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-impl	tag_library	implementation
com.github.jknack/handlebars	categorise_library	Template Engines
com.github.jknack/handlebars	tag_library	github
com.github.jknack/handlebars	tag_library	handlebars
com.github.jknack/handlebars	tag_library	template
com.github.jknack/handlebars	tag_library	engine
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	selector
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	osgi
org.fujion.webjars/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.fujion.webjars/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ant	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ant	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ant	tag_library	ant
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ant	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ant	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git	tag_library	git
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git	tag_library	jenkins
com.mikesamuel/json-sanitizer	tag_library	json
com.mikesamuel/json-sanitizer	tag_library	sanitizer
org.opendaylight.aaa/aaa-cli	tag_library	bundle
org.opendaylight.aaa/aaa-cli	tag_library	command-line
org.opendaylight.aaa/aaa-cli	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/moment	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/moment	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/moment	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/moment	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/moment	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/persona	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/persona	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/persona	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/persona	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.commons/commons-collections4	categorise_library	Collections
org.apache.commons/commons-collections4	tag_library	structures
org.apache.commons/commons-collections4	tag_library	data
org.apache.commons/commons-collections4	tag_library	collections
org.apache.commons/commons-collections4	tag_library	apache
org.apache.commons/commons-collections4	tag_library	commons
org.restlet.osgi/org.restlet	tag_library	rest
org.restlet.osgi/org.restlet	tag_library	restlet
org.restlet.osgi/org.restlet	tag_library	osgi
org.thymeleaf/thymeleaf-spring5	tag_library	spring
org.thymeleaf/thymeleaf-spring5	tag_library	thymeleaf
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-main	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-main	tag_library	apache
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	categorise_library	WebSocket Clients
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	network
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	channel
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	bundle
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	socket
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	messaging
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	websocket
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	web
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	client
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	categorise_library	Hadoop Query Engines
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	tag_library	bigdata
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	tag_library	query
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	tag_library	hive
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	tag_library	exec
org.apache.sanselan/sanselan	tag_library	apache
org.apache.sanselan/sanselan	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.sanselan/sanselan	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.api	tag_library	api
org.apache.hive.shims/hive-shims-common-secure	tag_library	security
org.apache.hive.shims/hive-shims-common-secure	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive.shims/hive-shims-common-secure	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive.shims/hive-shims-common-secure	tag_library	hive
com.applatix.jenkins/applatix	tag_library	jenkins
log4j/log4j	categorise_library	Logging Frameworks
log4j/log4j	tag_library	logging
log4j/log4j	tag_library	log4j
log4j/log4j	tag_library	osgi
log4j/log4j	tag_library	bundle
org.uberfire/uberfire-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.openejb/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	ejb
org.apache.openejb/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.openejb/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openejb/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	arquillian
org.apache.openejb/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	openejb
org.kohsuke.stapler/stapler-jelly	tag_library	scripting
com.liferay/com.liferay.knowledge.base.service	tag_library	service
com.liferay/com.liferay.knowledge.base.service	tag_library	liferay
org.restlet.android/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	rest
org.restlet.android/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	xml
org.restlet.android/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	restlet
org.restlet.android/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	android
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/labmanager	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/labmanager	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/labmanager	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/labmanager	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jclouds-jenkins	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jclouds-jenkins	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jclouds-jenkins	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jclouds-jenkins	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jclouds-jenkins	tag_library	jenkins
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	rabbitmq
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	queue
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	messaging
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	amqp
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	broker
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	client
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	message
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-orchestration-core	tag_library	sharding
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-orchestration-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-orchestration-core	tag_library	orchestration
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	client
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	categorise_library	Distributed Computing
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	tag_library	computing
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	tag_library	apache
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	tag_library	parallel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	tag_library	git
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	tag_library	parameters
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-metrics	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-metrics	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-metrics	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-metrics	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-metrics	tag_library	metrics
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-main	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-main	tag_library	jsp
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-main	tag_library	wiki
org.webjars.npm/angular-aside	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-aside	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-aside	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/angular-aside	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/angular-aside	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/angular-aside	tag_library	resources
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	security
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	osgi
org.ethereum/ethereumj-core	tag_library	ethereum
org.ethereum/ethereumj-core	tag_library	eth
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/coverity	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/coverity	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/coverity	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/coverity	tag_library	jenkins
io.fabric8.pipeline/kubernetes-pipeline-devops-steps	tag_library	kubernetes
io.fabric8.pipeline/kubernetes-pipeline-devops-steps	tag_library	pipeline
no.nordicsemi.android/dfu	categorise_library	Android Packages
no.nordicsemi.android/dfu	tag_library	aar
no.nordicsemi.android/dfu	tag_library	mobile
no.nordicsemi.android/dfu	tag_library	android
com.hazelcast/hazelcast	tag_library	hazelcast
org.wildfly/wildfly-ee	tag_library	wildfly
org.apache.nifi/nifi-email-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-email-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-email-processors	tag_library	processor
org.apache.nifi/nifi-email-processors	tag_library	mail
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojox	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojox	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojox	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojox	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira-ext	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira-ext	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira-ext	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira-ext	tag_library	jira
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira-ext	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	tag_library	aws
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	tag_library	amazon
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	tag_library	device
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-pac4j-core-clients	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-pac4j-core-clients	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-pac4j-core-clients	tag_library	security
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-pac4j-core-clients	tag_library	client
io.spray/spray-json_2.10	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.10	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.10	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.10	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.10	tag_library	serialization
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.10	tag_library	twitter
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.10	tag_library	server
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vmanager-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vmanager-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vmanager-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vmanager-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-build-step	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-build-step	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-build-step	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-build-step	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-build-step	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.jersey-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.jersey-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.jersey-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.jersey-core	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.jersey-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring	tag_library	spring
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.karaf.wrapper/org.apache.karaf.wrapper.core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.wrapper/org.apache.karaf.wrapper.core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.wrapper/org.apache.karaf.wrapper.core	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.wrapper/org.apache.karaf.wrapper.core	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.mapping.ui	categorise_library	Eclipse Plugins
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.mapping.ui	tag_library	plugin
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.mapping.ui	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.mapping.ui	tag_library	mapping
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.mapping.ui	tag_library	editor
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.mapping.ui	tag_library	ui
org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core	tag_library	apache
org.infinispan/infinispan-core	categorise_library	Cache Implementations
org.infinispan/infinispan-core	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan/infinispan-core	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-core	tag_library	performance
com.google.crypto.tink/tink	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
com.google.crypto.tink/tink	tag_library	security
com.google.crypto.tink/tink	tag_library	cryptography
com.google.crypto.tink/tink	tag_library	google
com.google.crypto.tink/tink	tag_library	crypto
com.google.crypto.tink/tink	tag_library	encryption
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	binding
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	provider
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	jaxb
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	xml
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	application
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	war
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	web
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	jsp
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	wiki
org.webjars.npm/bson	categorise_library	BSON Serialization
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	format
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	binary
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	data
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	object
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	serialization
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	bson
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	resources
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-dubbo	tag_library	dubbo
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-dubbo	tag_library	apache
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-dubbo	tag_library	rpc
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	tag_library	angularjs
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	tag_library	javascript
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials	tag_library	credentials
c3p0/c3p0	categorise_library	JDBC Pools
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	database
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	sql
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	jdbc
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	pooling
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	pool
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	c3p0
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	connection
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	datasource
org.webjars.bower/simditor	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/simditor	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/simditor	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/simditor	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.npm/ini	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.npm/ini	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.npm/ini	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.npm/ini	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.bowergithub.npm/ini	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/marked	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/marked	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/marked	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/marked	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/log-parser	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	logging
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	parser
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	jenkins
org.keycloak/keycloak-util-embedded-ldap	tag_library	embedded
org.keycloak/keycloak-util-embedded-ldap	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-util-embedded-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.keycloak/keycloak-util-embedded-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hbase	tag_library	database
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hbase	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hbase	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hbase	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hbase	tag_library	hbase
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hbase	tag_library	osgi
io.brooklyn/brooklyn-launcher	tag_library	launcher
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M5	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	serialization
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-support	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-support	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-support	tag_library	support
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-support	tag_library	workflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-support	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-support	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	tag_library	bitbucket
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	tag_library	oauth
org.jsecurity/jsecurity	categorise_library	Security Frameworks
org.jsecurity/jsecurity	tag_library	security
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-reporting-task	tag_library	task
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-reporting-task	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-reporting-task	tag_library	reporting
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-reporting-task	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-reporting-task	tag_library	report
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.10	categorise_library	JWT Libraries
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.10	tag_library	security
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.10	tag_library	json
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.10	tag_library	authentication
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.10	tag_library	jwt
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/selenium	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/selenium	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/selenium	tag_library	selenium
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/selenium	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/selenium	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/selenium	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.uima/uima-ducc-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.uima/uima-ducc-web	tag_library	apache
ro.pippo/pippo-jaxb	tag_library	xml
ro.pippo/pippo-jaxb	tag_library	binding
ro.pippo/pippo-jaxb	tag_library	jaxb
xerces/xerces	tag_library	parser
org.apache.cxf/cxf-api	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.skywalking/server-storage-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.skywalking/server-storage-plugin	tag_library	server
org.apache.skywalking/server-storage-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.apache.skywalking/server-storage-plugin	tag_library	storage
org.apache.tika/tika	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tika/tika	tag_library	tika
org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite	categorise_library	Android Packages
org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite	tag_library	tensorflow
org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite	tag_library	aar
org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite	tag_library	machine-learning
org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite	tag_library	mobile
org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite	tag_library	android
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-repository	tag_library	bundle
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-repository	tag_library	repository
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-repository	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.tiles/tiles-core	tag_library	apache
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc-core-api	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc-core-api	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc-core-api	tag_library	oidc
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc-core-api	tag_library	api
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-server	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-server	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-server	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openshift-deployer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openshift-deployer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openshift-deployer	tag_library	openshift
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openshift-deployer	tag_library	deployment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openshift-deployer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openshift-deployer	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.smack	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.smack	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.smack	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.smack	tag_library	osgi
tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/literate	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/literate	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/literate	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/literate	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-multibranch	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-multibranch	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-multibranch	tag_library	workflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-multibranch	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-multibranch	tag_library	jenkins
org.hudsonci.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	build
org.apache.gobblin/gobblin-utility	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/queue-cleanup	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/queue-cleanup	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/queue-cleanup	tag_library	queue
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/queue-cleanup	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/queue-cleanup	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-logo	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-logo	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-logo	tag_library	gitlab
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-logo	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-logo	tag_library	jenkins
org.kohsuke/groovy-sandbox	tag_library	groovy
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common-instrumented	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common-instrumented	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common-instrumented	tag_library	instrumentation
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	tag_library	google
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	tag_library	android
org.postgresql/postgresql	categorise_library	JDBC Drivers
org.postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	database
org.postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	sql
org.postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	jdbc
org.postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	postgresql
org.postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	driver
org.postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	rdbms
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-publisher	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-publisher	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-publisher	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-publisher	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-publisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/semver	categorise_library	Semantic Versioning
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	versioning
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	semver
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	version
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	semantic
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	resources
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-core	tag_library	repository
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-core	tag_library	eclipse
org.webjars.bower/momentjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/momentjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/momentjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/momentjs	tag_library	resources
org.apache.geode/gemfire-core	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	tag_library	github
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	tag_library	visualization
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	tag_library	chart
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/anchore-container-scanner	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/anchore-container-scanner	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/anchore-container-scanner	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/anchore-container-scanner	tag_library	container
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/anchore-container-scanner	tag_library	scanning
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/anchore-container-scanner	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/highcharts	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/highcharts	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/highcharts	tag_library	web
org.webjars/highcharts	tag_library	visualization
org.webjars/highcharts	tag_library	chart
org.webjars/highcharts	tag_library	resources
org.apache.axis2/axis2	tag_library	apache
org.apache.axis2/axis2	tag_library	webservice
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.publisher.core	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.publisher.core	tag_library	event
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.publisher.core	tag_library	publisher
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.publisher.core	tag_library	analytics
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.publisher.core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.plugins-parent	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.plugins-parent	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.plugins-parent	tag_library	directory
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/visualworks-store	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/visualworks-store	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/visualworks-store	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/visualworks-store	tag_library	store
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/visualworks-store	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	network
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	socket
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	netty
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	tag_library	google
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-client	tag_library	xml
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-client	tag_library	rpc
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-client	tag_library	xmlrpc
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cvs	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cvs	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cvs	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cvs	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cvs	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy	tag_library	role
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy	tag_library	strategy
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy	tag_library	jenkins
org.ops4j.pax.logging/pax-logging-log4j2	tag_library	bundle
org.ops4j.pax.logging/pax-logging-log4j2	tag_library	logging
org.ops4j.pax.logging/pax-logging-log4j2	tag_library	osgi
org.opendaylight.sdninterfaceapp/sdninterfaceapp-impl	tag_library	implementation
com.ctrip.framework.apollo/apollo-client	tag_library	framework
com.ctrip.framework.apollo/apollo-client	tag_library	client
org.webjars.npm/dompurify	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/dompurify	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/dompurify	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/dompurify	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/dompurify	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-serverless	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-serverless	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-serverless	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-serverless	tag_library	serverless
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-serverless	tag_library	jenkins
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	communication
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	remote
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	remoting
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	rpc
org.apache.ranger/ranger-hive-utils	tag_library	apache
org.apache.ranger/ranger-hive-utils	tag_library	hive
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	routing
com.blackducksoftware.integration/blackduck-detect	tag_library	integration
org.apache.tomcat/coyote	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/coyote	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/coyote	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/coyote	tag_library	tomcat
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils-core	categorise_library	Reflection Libraries
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils-core	tag_library	commons
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils-core	tag_library	beans
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils-core	tag_library	reflection
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms-client	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms-client	tag_library	jms
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms-client	tag_library	queue
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms-client	tag_library	client
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms-client	tag_library	message
org.apache-extras.beanshell/bsh	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.apache-extras.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	jvm
org.apache-extras.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	shell
org.apache-extras.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	language
org.apache-extras.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	javascript
io.prestosql/presto-plugin-toolkit	tag_library	plugin
io.prestosql/presto-plugin-toolkit	tag_library	tools
io.prestosql/presto-plugin-toolkit	tag_library	presto
io.prestosql/presto-plugin-toolkit	tag_library	toolkit
org.freeswitch.esl.client/java-esl-client	tag_library	client
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core	tag_library	jenkins
com.liferay.portal/com.liferay.portal.impl	tag_library	portal
com.liferay.portal/com.liferay.portal.impl	tag_library	liferay
com.liferay.portal/com.liferay.portal.impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	categorise_library	Cluster Managment
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	tag_library	managment
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	tag_library	yarn
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-users-ldap	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-users-ldap	tag_library	apache
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-users-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-users-ldap	tag_library	user
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-users-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-users-ldap	tag_library	osgi
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	http
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	server
org.webjars.npm/grpc	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	grpc
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	rpc
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	protocol
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	svn
org.springframework/org.springframework.beans	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/org.springframework.beans	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/org.springframework.beans	tag_library	beans
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc	tag_library	oidc
com.caverock/androidsvg	categorise_library	SVG Libraries
com.caverock/androidsvg	tag_library	svg
com.caverock/androidsvg	tag_library	graphics
com.caverock/androidsvg	tag_library	xml
com.caverock/androidsvg	tag_library	vector
bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14	tag_library	jdk
ch.acra/acra	categorise_library	Android Packages
ch.acra/acra	tag_library	android
ch.acra/acra	tag_library	mobile
ch.acra/acra	tag_library	aar
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-yaml-provider	tag_library	yaml
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-yaml-provider	tag_library	provider
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-yaml-provider	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-yaml-provider	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-yaml-provider	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	message
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudshare-docker	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudshare-docker	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudshare-docker	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudshare-docker	tag_library	docker
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudshare-docker	tag_library	jenkins
org.red5/red5-server	tag_library	server
org.codehaus.castor/castor-xml	tag_library	xml
org.codehaus.castor/castor-xml	tag_library	codehaus
io.undertow/undertow-examples	tag_library	undertow
io.undertow/undertow-examples	tag_library	example
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-commons	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-commons	tag_library	commons
org.hibernate/hibernate-core	categorise_library	Object/Relational Mapping
org.hibernate/hibernate-core	tag_library	persistence
org.hibernate/hibernate-core	tag_library	mapping
org.hibernate/hibernate-core	tag_library	orm
org.hibernate/hibernate-core	tag_library	hibernate
org.hibernate/hibernate-core	tag_library	relational
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/pmd	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient-osgi	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient-osgi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient-osgi	tag_library	client
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient-osgi	tag_library	http
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient-osgi	tag_library	osgi
com.squareup.okhttp/okhttp	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.squareup.okhttp/okhttp	tag_library	http
com.squareup.okhttp/okhttp	tag_library	client
com.squareup.okhttp/okhttp	tag_library	network
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/secret	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/secret	tag_library	secret
org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-provisioning-java	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-provisioning-java	tag_library	provisioning
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-util	tag_library	rdf
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-util	tag_library	eclipse
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	categorise_library	Enterprise Service Bus
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	tag_library	bus
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	tag_library	service
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	tag_library	osgi
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	server
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	webserver
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	web
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	webapp
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	jetty
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nunit	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nunit	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nunit	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nunit	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-core	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-core	tag_library	batch
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-core	tag_library	osgi
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	categorise_library	Date and Time Utilities
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	bundle
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	json
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	jsr
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	calendar
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	date
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	jackson
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	datatype
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	time
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-keyvault	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-keyvault	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-keyvault	tag_library	azure
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-keyvault	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-keyvault	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-keyvault	tag_library	vault
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-jasper	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-jasper	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-jasper	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-jasper	tag_library	tomcat
com.monitorjbl/xlsx-streamer	categorise_library	Excel Libraries
com.monitorjbl/xlsx-streamer	tag_library	streaming
com.monitorjbl/xlsx-streamer	tag_library	excel
com.monitorjbl/xlsx-streamer	tag_library	spreadsheet
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http	tag_library	transport
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http	tag_library	http
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bowergithub.alex-saunders/sliding-pages	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.alex-saunders/sliding-pages	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.alex-saunders/sliding-pages	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.alex-saunders/sliding-pages	tag_library	resources
org.apache.cxf/apache-cxf	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/apache-cxf	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol	tag_library	protocol
org.webjars.npm/kind-of	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/kind-of	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/kind-of	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/kind-of	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/kind-of	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	tag_library	visualization
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	tag_library	chart
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	tag_library	resources
commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload	categorise_library	Web Upload Managers
commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload	tag_library	web
commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload	tag_library	manager
commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload	tag_library	upload
commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload	tag_library	file
commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload	tag_library	commons
ch.qos.logback/logback-classic	categorise_library	Logging Frameworks
ch.qos.logback/logback-classic	tag_library	logback
ch.qos.logback/logback-classic	tag_library	logging
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	tag_library	data
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	tag_library	table
org.webjars.npm/property-expr	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/property-expr	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/property-expr	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/property-expr	tag_library	expression
org.webjars.npm/property-expr	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/property-expr	tag_library	resources
org.apache.nifi/nifi-solr-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-solr-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-solr-processors	tag_library	processor
org.apache.nifi/nifi-solr-processors	tag_library	solr
org.apache.nifi/nifi-solr-processors	tag_library	search
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11	tag_library	http
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/active-directory	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/active-directory	tag_library	directory
org.keycloak/keycloak-wildfly-server-subsystem	tag_library	server
org.keycloak/keycloak-wildfly-server-subsystem	tag_library	wildfly
org.keycloak/keycloak-wildfly-server-subsystem	tag_library	keycloak
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ontrack	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ontrack	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ontrack	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ontrack	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pollscm	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pollscm	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pollscm	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pollscm	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bower/npm	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/npm	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/npm	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.bower/npm	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/npm	tag_library	resources
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	tag_library	testing
org.apache.qpid/qpid-jms-client	tag_library	jms
org.apache.qpid/qpid-jms-client	tag_library	queue
org.apache.qpid/qpid-jms-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.qpid/qpid-jms-client	tag_library	client
jivesoftware/smack	categorise_library	XMPP Integration Libraries
jivesoftware/smack	tag_library	xmpp
jivesoftware/smack	tag_library	protocol
jivesoftware/smack	tag_library	messaging
tomcat/servlets-webdav	tag_library	server
tomcat/servlets-webdav	tag_library	webdav
tomcat/servlets-webdav	tag_library	servlet
tomcat/servlets-webdav	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/servlets-webdav	tag_library	web
tomcat/servlets-webdav	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extended-choice-parameter	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extended-choice-parameter	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extended-choice-parameter	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extended-choice-parameter	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extended-choice-parameter	tag_library	parameters
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/p4	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/p4	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/p4	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/p4	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all	categorise_library	Hadoop Databases
org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all	tag_library	database
org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all	tag_library	nosql
org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all	tag_library	cassandra
org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all	tag_library	apache
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs	tag_library	webservice
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs	tag_library	jaxrs
com.google.oauth-client/google-oauth-client	categorise_library	OAuth Libraries
com.google.oauth-client/google-oauth-client	tag_library	google
com.google.oauth-client/google-oauth-client	tag_library	authorization
com.google.oauth-client/google-oauth-client	tag_library	authentication
com.google.oauth-client/google-oauth-client	tag_library	client
com.google.oauth-client/google-oauth-client	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xalan	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xalan	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xalan	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xalan	tag_library	osgi
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp	categorise_library	XMPP Integration Libraries
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp	tag_library	network
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp	tag_library	messaging
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp	tag_library	tcp
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp	tag_library	protocol
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp	tag_library	xmpp
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	tag_library	editor
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	tag_library	resources
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-authentication-ldap	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-authentication-ldap	tag_library	authentication
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-authentication-ldap	tag_library	apache
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-authentication-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-authentication-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-authentication-ldap	tag_library	osgi
org.keycloak/keycloak-parent	tag_library	keycloak
com.sonyericsson.jenkins.plugins.bfa/build-failure-analyzer	tag_library	plugin
com.sonyericsson.jenkins.plugins.bfa/build-failure-analyzer	tag_library	analyzer
com.sonyericsson.jenkins.plugins.bfa/build-failure-analyzer	tag_library	build
com.sonyericsson.jenkins.plugins.bfa/build-failure-analyzer	tag_library	jenkins
org.jboss.genericjms/generic-jms-ra-jar	tag_library	jms
org.jboss.genericjms/generic-jms-ra-jar	tag_library	queue
org.jboss.genericjms/generic-jms-ra-jar	tag_library	jboss
org.webjars/mout	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/mout	tag_library	web
org.webjars/mout	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/mout	tag_library	resources
com.hotels.styx/styx-client	tag_library	client
org.webjars.bowergithub.lodash/lodash	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.lodash/lodash	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.lodash/lodash	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.lodash/lodash	tag_library	resources
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-client	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-client	tag_library	config
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-client	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-client	tag_library	cloud
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-client	tag_library	client
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/confluence-publisher	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/confluence-publisher	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/confluence-publisher	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/confluence-publisher	tag_library	confluence
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/confluence-publisher	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/confluence-publisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/yarn	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/yarn	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/yarn	tag_library	yarn
org.webjars.npm/yarn	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/yarn	tag_library	hadoop
org.webjars.npm/yarn	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/yarn	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/mediaelement	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/mediaelement	tag_library	web
org.webjars/mediaelement	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/mediaelement	tag_library	resources
org.hibernate.validator/hibernate-validator	categorise_library	Validation Libraries
org.hibernate.validator/hibernate-validator	tag_library	hibernate
org.hibernate.validator/hibernate-validator	tag_library	persistence
org.hibernate.validator/hibernate-validator	tag_library	validation
org.webjars.bowergithub.kjur/jsrsasign	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.kjur/jsrsasign	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.kjur/jsrsasign	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.kjur/jsrsasign	tag_library	resources
org.apache.any23/apache-any23-core	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-plugin	tag_library	gitlab
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.rave/rave-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.rave/rave-web	tag_library	apache
com.urbancode.ds.jenkins.plugins/sra-deploy	tag_library	plugin
com.urbancode.ds.jenkins.plugins/sra-deploy	tag_library	deployment
com.urbancode.ds.jenkins.plugins/sra-deploy	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pam-auth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pam-auth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pam-auth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pam-auth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pam-auth	tag_library	jenkins
com.paul8620.jenkins.plugins/pipeline-aggregator-view	tag_library	plugin
com.paul8620.jenkins.plugins/pipeline-aggregator-view	tag_library	pipeline
com.paul8620.jenkins.plugins/pipeline-aggregator-view	tag_library	aggregation
com.paul8620.jenkins.plugins/pipeline-aggregator-view	tag_library	jenkins
com.paul8620.jenkins.plugins/pipeline-aggregator-view	tag_library	view
org.apache.camel/camel-chunk	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-chunk	tag_library	camel
io.ratpack/ratpack-session	tag_library	session
org.owasp/dependency-check-core	tag_library	owasp
org.owasp/dependency-check-core	tag_library	dependencies
io.jenkins.plugins/sofy-ai	tag_library	plugin
io.jenkins.plugins/sofy-ai	tag_library	ai
io.jenkins.plugins/sofy-ai	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-githubnotify-step	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-githubnotify-step	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-githubnotify-step	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-githubnotify-step	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-githubnotify-step	tag_library	jenkins
org.springframework.ws/spring-xml	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.ws/spring-xml	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.ws/spring-xml	tag_library	xml
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/accurev	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/accurev	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/accurev	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/accurev	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.struts/struts2-core	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.apache.struts/struts2-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-core	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-core	tag_library	web
org.apache.struts/struts2-core	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/translation	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/translation	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/translation	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/translation	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/translation	tag_library	translation
org.webjars/fstream	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/fstream	tag_library	web
org.webjars/fstream	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/fstream	tag_library	resources
com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind	tag_library	format
com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind	tag_library	binding
com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind	tag_library	json
com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind	tag_library	serialization
com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind	tag_library	jackson
com.liferay/com.liferay.asset.browser.web	tag_library	browser
com.liferay/com.liferay.asset.browser.web	tag_library	web
com.liferay/com.liferay.asset.browser.web	tag_library	liferay
org.opencms/opencms-core	tag_library	cms
org.glassfish.metro/webservices-rt	tag_library	glassfish
org.glassfish.metro/webservices-rt	tag_library	service
org.glassfish.metro/webservices-rt	tag_library	web
org.glassfish.metro/webservices-rt	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.tika/tika-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.tika/tika-server	tag_library	tika
org.apache.tika/tika-server	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-oxm	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-oxm	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-oxm	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-oxm	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-oxm	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars/node-uuid	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/node-uuid	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/node-uuid	tag_library	identifier
org.webjars/node-uuid	tag_library	uuid
org.webjars/node-uuid	tag_library	web
org.webjars/node-uuid	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/node-uuid	tag_library	node
org.webjars/qs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/qs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/qs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/qs	tag_library	resources
org.mitre/openid-connect-server	categorise_library	OpenID Libraries
org.mitre/openid-connect-server	tag_library	server
org.mitre/openid-connect-server	tag_library	authorization
org.mitre/openid-connect-server	tag_library	openid
org.mitre/openid-connect-server	tag_library	authentication
org.mitre/openid-connect-server	tag_library	connection
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.12	tag_library	network
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.12	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.12	tag_library	apache
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-jaspi	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-jaspi	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-jaspi	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-jaspi	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian	tag_library	camel
com.ctrip.framework.apollo/apollo-core	tag_library	framework
org.webjars.bower/reveal.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/reveal.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/reveal.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/reveal.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/reveal.js	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-slice	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-slice	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-slice	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-slice	tag_library	openjpa
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radiatorviewplugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radiatorviewplugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radiatorviewplugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radiatorviewplugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudbees-jenkins-advisor	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudbees-jenkins-advisor	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudbees-jenkins-advisor	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudbees-jenkins-advisor	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service-api	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service-api	tag_library	context
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service-api	tag_library	ssl
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service-api	tag_library	service
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service-api	tag_library	api
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/flaky-test-handler	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/flaky-test-handler	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/flaky-test-handler	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/flaky-test-handler	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/flaky-test-handler	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar	tag_library	sonar
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal	tag_library	osgi
org.hudsonci.plugins/gerrit-trigger	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.syncope.common/syncope-common-lib	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope.common/syncope-common-lib	tag_library	library
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	tag_library	workflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	tag_library	loader
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	tag_library	remote
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	tag_library	jenkins
org.xwiki.platform/xwiki-platform-oldcore	tag_library	xwiki
org.xwiki.platform/xwiki-platform-oldcore	tag_library	platform
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	osgi
com.squareup.okhttp3/okhttp	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.squareup.okhttp3/okhttp	tag_library	http
com.squareup.okhttp3/okhttp	tag_library	client
com.squareup.okhttp3/okhttp	tag_library	network
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	dashboard
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	view
org.wildfly/wildfly-iiop-openjdk	tag_library	wildfly
tomcat/tomcat4-coyote	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat4-coyote	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat4-coyote	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit-trail	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit-trail	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit-trail	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit-trail	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit-trail	tag_library	audit
net.minidev/json-smart-action	tag_library	bundle
net.minidev/json-smart-action	tag_library	json
net.minidev/json-smart-action	tag_library	action
net.minidev/json-smart-action	tag_library	osgi
net.liftweb/lift-json	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.liftweb/lift-json	tag_library	format
net.liftweb/lift-json	tag_library	json
net.liftweb/lift-json	tag_library	web-framework
net.liftweb/lift-json	tag_library	serialization
net.liftweb/lift-json	tag_library	scala
org.webjars.npm/editor.md	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/editor.md	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/editor.md	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/editor.md	tag_library	editor
org.webjars.npm/editor.md	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/editor.md	tag_library	resources
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-remote	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-remote	tag_library	spring
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-remote	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-remote	tag_library	remote
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	embedded
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	server
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	webserver
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	jetty
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-base	tag_library	bundle
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-base	tag_library	osgi
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils	categorise_library	Reflection Libraries
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils	tag_library	commons
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils	tag_library	beans
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils	tag_library	reflection
org.apache.camel/camel-netty	tag_library	network
org.apache.camel/camel-netty	tag_library	socket
org.apache.camel/camel-netty	tag_library	netty
org.apache.camel/camel-netty	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-netty	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mesos	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mesos	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mesos	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mesos	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mesos	tag_library	mesos
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-rest	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-rest	tag_library	server
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-rest	tag_library	rest
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-rest	tag_library	cache
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	tag_library	timeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/tfs	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/tfs	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/tfs	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/tfs	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.xss.compat	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.xss.compat	tag_library	compatibility
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.xss.compat	tag_library	apache
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.xss.compat	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.camel/camel-mail	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-mail	tag_library	mail
org.apache.camel/camel-mail	tag_library	camel
org.kie/kie-drools-wb-distribution-wars	tag_library	rule-engine
org.kie/kie-drools-wb-distribution-wars	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.bower/patternfly	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/patternfly	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/patternfly	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/patternfly	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/dygraphs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/dygraphs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/dygraphs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/dygraphs	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/beaker-builder	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/beaker-builder	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/beaker-builder	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/beaker-builder	tag_library	builder
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/beaker-builder	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.camel/camel-xstream	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-xstream	tag_library	xml
org.apache.camel/camel-xstream	tag_library	camel
org.webjars.npm/dojox	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/dojox	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/dojox	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/dojox	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/dojox	tag_library	resources
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-rest-impl	tag_library	rest
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-rest-impl	tag_library	implementation
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-rest-impl	tag_library	jenkins
hudson.plugins.filesystem_scm/filesystem_scm	tag_library	plugin
hudson.plugins.filesystem_scm/filesystem_scm	tag_library	scm
hudson.plugins.filesystem_scm/filesystem_scm	tag_library	filesystem
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/teamconcert	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/teamconcert	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/teamconcert	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/teamconcert	tag_library	jenkins
org.jolokia/jolokia-osgi	tag_library	osgi
org.jolokia/jolokia-osgi	tag_library	bundle
org.webjars.bower/handlebars	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/handlebars	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/handlebars	tag_library	handlebars
org.webjars.bower/handlebars	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/handlebars	tag_library	resources
org.wildfly/wildfly-feature-pack	tag_library	wildfly
org.apache.mesos/mesos	categorise_library	Cluster Managment
org.apache.mesos/mesos	tag_library	managment
org.apache.mesos/mesos	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.mesos/mesos	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.mesos/mesos	tag_library	apache
org.apache.mesos/mesos	tag_library	mesos
org.craftercms/crafter-engine	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.craftercms/crafter-engine	tag_library	application
org.craftercms/crafter-engine	tag_library	war
org.craftercms/crafter-engine	tag_library	web
org.craftercms/crafter-engine	tag_library	webapp
org.craftercms/crafter-engine	tag_library	engine
org.webjars/AdminLTE	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/AdminLTE	tag_library	web
org.webjars/AdminLTE	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/AdminLTE	tag_library	resources
org.apache.juddi/juddi-client	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.juddi/juddi-client	tag_library	uddi
org.apache.juddi/juddi-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.juddi/juddi-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.juddi/juddi-client	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.main	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.main	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.main	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.main	tag_library	osgi
org.opensaml/xmltooling	tag_library	security
org.opensaml/xmltooling	tag_library	saml
com.liferay/com.liferay.journal.taglib	tag_library	liferay
com.liferay/com.liferay.journal.taglib	tag_library	library
com.liferay/com.liferay.journal.taglib	tag_library	taglib
tomcat/jasper	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/jasper	tag_library	server
tomcat/jasper	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/groovy	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/groovy	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/groovy	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/groovy	tag_library	groovy
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/groovy	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-standard-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-standard-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-standard-processors	tag_library	processor
org.webjars.bower/knockoutjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/knockoutjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/knockoutjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/knockoutjs	tag_library	resources
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager	tag_library	admin
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager	tag_library	batch
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager	tag_library	manager
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager	tag_library	management
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/htmlpublisher	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/htmlpublisher	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/htmlpublisher	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/htmlpublisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.scala-lang/scala-compiler	categorise_library	Scala Compilers
org.scala-lang/scala-compiler	tag_library	compiler
org.scala-lang/scala-compiler	tag_library	scala
org.apache.archiva/archiva-database	tag_library	database
org.apache.archiva/archiva-database	tag_library	data
org.apache.archiva/archiva-database	tag_library	apache
org.eclipse.hono/hono-core	tag_library	eclipse
org.postgresql/pgjdbc-aggregate	tag_library	database
org.postgresql/pgjdbc-aggregate	tag_library	sql
org.postgresql/pgjdbc-aggregate	tag_library	jdbc
org.postgresql/pgjdbc-aggregate	tag_library	postgresql
poi/poi-2.0-final	tag_library	poi
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.11	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.11	tag_library	filtering
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	tag_library	aws
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	tag_library	amazon
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/urltrigger	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/urltrigger	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/urltrigger	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/urltrigger	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-core	tag_library	flink
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-core	tag_library	metrics
org.rhq/drift-mongodb-serverplugin	tag_library	plugin
org.rhq/drift-mongodb-serverplugin	tag_library	database
org.rhq/drift-mongodb-serverplugin	tag_library	mongodb
org.eclipse.che.infrastructure/infrastructure-kubernetes	tag_library	kubernetes
org.eclipse.che.infrastructure/infrastructure-kubernetes	tag_library	eclipse
com.google.guava/guava	categorise_library	Core Utilities
com.google.guava/guava	tag_library	google
com.google.guava/guava	tag_library	guava
com.google.guava/guava	tag_library	osgi
com.google.guava/guava	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	categorise_library	PDF Libraries
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	format
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	document
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	office
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible-tower	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible-tower	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible-tower	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible-tower	tag_library	ansible
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible-tower	tag_library	jenkins
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-bom	categorise_library	Bill of materials
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-bom	tag_library	bom
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-bom	tag_library	build
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-bom	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-bom	tag_library	dependencies
com.drewnoakes/metadata-extractor	tag_library	data
com.drewnoakes/metadata-extractor	tag_library	extractor
com.drewnoakes/metadata-extractor	tag_library	metadata
org.apache.activemq/apache-activemq	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/apache-activemq	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/apache-activemq	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/apache-activemq	tag_library	activemq
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mask-passwords	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mask-passwords	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mask-passwords	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mask-passwords	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mask-passwords	tag_library	password
io.springfox/springfox-swagger-ui	tag_library	spring
io.springfox/springfox-swagger-ui	tag_library	openapi
io.springfox/springfox-swagger-ui	tag_library	ui
io.springfox/springfox-swagger-ui	tag_library	swagger
io.springfox/springfox-swagger-ui	tag_library	api
org.webjars.bower/i18next	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/i18next	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/i18next	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/i18next	tag_library	resources
org.springframework.security/spring-security-core	categorise_library	Security Frameworks
org.springframework.security/spring-security-core	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-core	tag_library	framework
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-jpa	tag_library	persistence
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-jpa	tag_library	model
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-jpa	tag_library	jpa
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-jpa	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-saml-core	tag_library	security
org.keycloak/keycloak-saml-core	tag_library	saml
org.keycloak/keycloak-saml-core	tag_library	keycloak
org.pac4j/pac4j-saml	tag_library	security
org.pac4j/pac4j-saml	tag_library	saml
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	data
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	commons
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	osgi
jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	webserver
jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	server
jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	jetty
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira	tag_library	jira
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira	tag_library	jenkins
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-gradle	tag_library	plugin
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-gradle	tag_library	build
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-gradle	tag_library	build-system
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-gradle	tag_library	gradle
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-gradle	tag_library	groovy
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rundeck	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rundeck	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rundeck	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rundeck	tag_library	jenkins
org.opensaml/opensaml	tag_library	security
org.opensaml/opensaml	tag_library	saml
org.webjars.npm/github-com-danvk-dygraphs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-danvk-dygraphs	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-danvk-dygraphs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-danvk-dygraphs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-danvk-dygraphs	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-danvk-dygraphs	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	socket
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	websocket
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	extension
org.webjars/bootstrap	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.webjars/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
org.webjars/bootstrap	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/bootstrap	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/emberjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/emberjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/emberjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/emberjs	tag_library	resources
com.butor/portal	categorise_library	Web Applications
com.butor/portal	tag_library	application
com.butor/portal	tag_library	war
com.butor/portal	tag_library	portal
com.butor/portal	tag_library	web
com.butor/portal	tag_library	webapp
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-runtime	tag_library	rdf
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-runtime	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.bedework.caleng/bw-calendar-engine	tag_library	calendar
org.bedework.caleng/bw-calendar-engine	tag_library	engine
io.jenkins.plugins/neuvector-vulnerability-scanner	tag_library	plugin
io.jenkins.plugins/neuvector-vulnerability-scanner	tag_library	scanning
io.jenkins.plugins/neuvector-vulnerability-scanner	tag_library	jenkins
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.12	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.12	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.12	tag_library	filtering
org.fujion.webjars/jquery	tag_library	web
org.fujion.webjars/jquery	tag_library	jquery
org.apache.poi/poi	categorise_library	Excel Libraries
org.apache.poi/poi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.poi/poi	tag_library	poi
org.apache.poi/poi	tag_library	excel
org.apache.poi/poi	tag_library	spreadsheet
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common	tag_library	http
com.mabl.integration.jenkins/mabl-integration	tag_library	integration
com.mabl.integration.jenkins/mabl-integration	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weibo	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weibo	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weibo	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weibo	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	tag_library	notification
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	tag_library	node
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.generic.ui	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.generic.ui	tag_library	ui
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.generic.ui	tag_library	osgi
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-shell	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-shell	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-shell	tag_library	shell
org.apache.syncope.client/syncope-client-console	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope.client/syncope-client-console	tag_library	client
org.apache.syncope.client/syncope-client-console	tag_library	console
org.hudsonci.plugins/deploy	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/deploy	tag_library	deployment
org.webjars.npm/set-value	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/set-value	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/set-value	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/set-value	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/set-value	tag_library	resources
org.bouncycastle/bctsp-jdk14	tag_library	jdk
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	tag_library	repository
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	tag_library	connector
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	tag_library	connection
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	tag_library	communication
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	tag_library	dubbo
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	tag_library	apache
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	tag_library	remoting
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	tag_library	rpc
org.codehaus.xfire/xfire-core	tag_library	webservice
org.codehaus.xfire/xfire-core	tag_library	codehaus
org.rundeck/rundeck	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.rundeck/rundeck	tag_library	webapp
org.rundeck/rundeck	tag_library	web
org.rundeck/rundeck	tag_library	application
org.rundeck/rundeck	tag_library	war
com.adobe.xmp/xmpcore	tag_library	bundle
com.adobe.xmp/xmpcore	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/debug	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/debug	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/debug	tag_library	debug
org.webjars.npm/debug	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/debug	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/debug	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/morgan	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/morgan	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/morgan	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/morgan	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/morgan	tag_library	resources
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ccm	tag_library	plugin
org.netbeans.external/xerces-2.8.0	tag_library	parser
org.netbeans.external/xerces-2.8.0	tag_library	ide
org.netbeans.external/xerces-2.8.0	tag_library	netbeans
org.beanshell/bsh	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	shell
org.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	jvm
org.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	language
com.itextpdf/itextpdf	categorise_library	PDF Libraries
com.itextpdf/itextpdf	tag_library	pdf
com.itextpdf/itextpdf	tag_library	format
com.itextpdf/itextpdf	tag_library	document
com.itextpdf/itextpdf	tag_library	office
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents	tag_library	azure
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents	tag_library	agent
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ircbot	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ircbot	tag_library	irc
org.apache.shiro/shiro-core	categorise_library	Security Frameworks
org.apache.shiro/shiro-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.shiro/shiro-core	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-core	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro/shiro-core	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.xtext/org.eclipse.xtext.maven.parent	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.xtext/org.eclipse.xtext.maven.parent	tag_library	build
org.eclipse.xtext/org.eclipse.xtext.maven.parent	tag_library	build-system
org.eclipse.xtext/org.eclipse.xtext.maven.parent	tag_library	maven
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ghprb	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ghprb	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ghprb	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ghprb	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.fastjson	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.fastjson	tag_library	json
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.fastjson	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.fastjson	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.fastjson	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	categorise_library	WebSocket Clients
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	tag_library	network
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	tag_library	channel
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	tag_library	socket
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	tag_library	messaging
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	tag_library	websocket
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	tag_library	web
opensymphony/xwork	tag_library	web-framework
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-core	categorise_library	XMPP Integration Libraries
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-core	tag_library	xmpp
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-core	tag_library	protocol
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-core	tag_library	messaging
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cobertura	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cobertura	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cobertura	tag_library	code-coverage
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cobertura	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cobertura	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.syncope/syncope-core	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox	tag_library	jenkins
org.drools/drools-core	categorise_library	Rule Engines
org.drools/drools-core	tag_library	rule-engine
org.drools/drools-core	tag_library	rules
org.drools/drools-core	tag_library	decision
org.apache.archiva/archiva-rest-services	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.archiva/archiva-rest-services	tag_library	rest
org.apache.archiva/archiva-rest-services	tag_library	service
org.apache.archiva/archiva-rest-services	tag_library	apache
org.apache.archiva/archiva-rest-services	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-embedded	tag_library	embedded
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-embedded	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-embedded	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-embedded	tag_library	arquillian
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-utils	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-utils	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-utils	tag_library	apache
com.github.shyiko.ktlint/ktlint-core	tag_library	github
com.github.shyiko.ktlint/ktlint-core	tag_library	lint
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	elasticsearch
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	elastic
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	search
org.webjars.npm/minimist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/minimist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/minimist	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/minimist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/minimist	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/covcomplplot	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/covcomplplot	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/covcomplplot	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/covcomplplot	tag_library	jenkins
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16	tag_library	security
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16	tag_library	crypto
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16	tag_library	encryption
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16	tag_library	jdk
org.jasig.portal/uportal-war	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.jasig.portal/uportal-war	tag_library	application
org.jasig.portal/uportal-war	tag_library	war
org.jasig.portal/uportal-war	tag_library	portal
org.jasig.portal/uportal-war	tag_library	web
org.jasig.portal/uportal-war	tag_library	webapp
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-eclipse-cdt	tag_library	eclipse
org.apache.james.hupa/hupa-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.james.hupa/hupa-server	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james.hupa/hupa-server	tag_library	mail
net.corda/corda-serialization	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.flink/flink-core	categorise_library	Distributed Computing
org.apache.flink/flink-core	tag_library	computing
org.apache.flink/flink-core	tag_library	flink
org.apache.flink/flink-core	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.flink/flink-core	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.flink/flink-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.flink/flink-core	tag_library	parallel
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.11	tag_library	network
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.11	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.11	tag_library	apache
org.keycloak/keycloak-server-spi-private	tag_library	server
org.keycloak/keycloak-server-spi-private	tag_library	interface
org.keycloak/keycloak-server-spi-private	tag_library	keycloak
org.apache.solr/solr-dataimporthandler	tag_library	apache
org.apache.solr/solr-dataimporthandler	tag_library	solr
org.apache.solr/solr-dataimporthandler	tag_library	search
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-api	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-api	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-api	tag_library	api
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	tag_library	data
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	tag_library	table
xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	rpc
xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	xml
xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	xmlrpc
org.webjars.npm/prismjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/prismjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/prismjs	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/prismjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/prismjs	tag_library	resources
org.apache.karaf.kar/org.apache.karaf.kar.core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.kar/org.apache.karaf.kar.core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.kar/org.apache.karaf.kar.core	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.kar/org.apache.karaf.kar.core	tag_library	osgi
org.keycloak/keycloak-ldap-federation	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-ldap-federation	tag_library	ldap
org.keycloak/keycloak-ldap-federation	tag_library	federation
org.keycloak/keycloak-ldap-federation	tag_library	directory
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-all	tag_library	svg
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-all	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-all	tag_library	graphics
org.webjars.bower/dot-object	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/dot-object	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/dot-object	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/dot-object	tag_library	resources
org.apache.tiles/tiles-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tiles/tiles-api	tag_library	api
org.springframework.credhub/spring-credhub-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.credhub/spring-credhub-core	tag_library	framework
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	categorise_library	Language Runtime
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	tag_library	language
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	tag_library	library
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	tag_library	kotlin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	tag_library	jdk
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	tag_library	runtime
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	tag_library	jetbrains
org.webjars.bower/angular	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/angular	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/angular	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.bower/angular	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/angular	tag_library	resources
org.apache.camel/camel-jackson	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jackson	tag_library	jackson
org.apache.camel/camel-jackson	tag_library	camel
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	arquillian
ant/ant	categorise_library	Build Tools
ant/ant	tag_library	project
ant/ant	tag_library	process
ant/ant	tag_library	ant
ant/ant	tag_library	tools
ant/ant	tag_library	build
org.graniteds/granite-generator	tag_library	generator
org.webjars.npm/stringstream	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/stringstream	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/stringstream	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/stringstream	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/stringstream	tag_library	resources
org.apache.pdfbox/jempbox	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/jempbox	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/jempbox	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/jempbox	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.pulsar/pulsar-broker	tag_library	broker
org.apache.pulsar/pulsar-broker	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pulsar/pulsar-broker	tag_library	pulsar
org.webjars/angularjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/angularjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/angularjs	tag_library	angular
org.webjars/angularjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/angularjs	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/angularjs	tag_library	angularjs
org.webjars/angularjs	tag_library	javascript
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials-binding	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials-binding	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials-binding	tag_library	binding
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials-binding	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials-binding	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials-binding	tag_library	credentials
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saltstack	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saltstack	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saltstack	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saltstack	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	tag_library	compatibility
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	tag_library	storage
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	tag_library	action
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/generic-webhook-trigger	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/generic-webhook-trigger	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/generic-webhook-trigger	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/generic-webhook-trigger	tag_library	web
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/generic-webhook-trigger	tag_library	webhook
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/generic-webhook-trigger	tag_library	jenkins
org.zeroturnaround/zt-zip	categorise_library	Compression Libraries
org.zeroturnaround/zt-zip	tag_library	zip
org.zeroturnaround/zt-zip	tag_library	compression
org.zeroturnaround/zt-zip	tag_library	data
org.springframework/spring-messaging	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
org.springframework/spring-messaging	tag_library	queue
org.springframework/spring-messaging	tag_library	messaging
org.springframework/spring-messaging	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-messaging	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-messaging	tag_library	client
org.springframework/spring-messaging	tag_library	message
org.apache.camel/camel-bundle	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.camel/camel-bundle	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-bundle	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radargun	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radargun	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radargun	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radargun	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/handlebars	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/handlebars	tag_library	web
org.webjars/handlebars	tag_library	handlebars
org.webjars/handlebars	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/handlebars	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/dojox	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/dojox	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/dojox	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/dojox	tag_library	resources
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	categorise_library	Netty Codecs
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	network
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	socket
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	netty
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	codec
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	io
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	http
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	protocol
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	application
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	server
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	war
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	openid
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	web
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	webapp
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	connection
org.springframework.data/spring-data-rest-webmvc	tag_library	rest
org.springframework.data/spring-data-rest-webmvc	tag_library	data
org.springframework.data/spring-data-rest-webmvc	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.data/spring-data-rest-webmvc	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.data/spring-data-rest-webmvc	tag_library	web
org.springframework.data/spring-data-rest-webmvc	tag_library	mvc
io.ktor/ktor-client-core	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
io.ktor/ktor-client-core	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-client-core	tag_library	framework
io.ktor/ktor-client-core	tag_library	web
io.ktor/ktor-client-core	tag_library	client
io.ktor/ktor-client-core	tag_library	kotlin
io.netty/netty-all	categorise_library	Network App Frameworks
io.netty/netty-all	tag_library	network
io.netty/netty-all	tag_library	socket
io.netty/netty-all	tag_library	framework
io.netty/netty-all	tag_library	netty
io.netty/netty-all	tag_library	io
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
org.apache.camel/camel-jolt	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jolt	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db	tag_library	database
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db	tag_library	audit
org.keycloak/keycloak-adapter-core	tag_library	adapter
org.keycloak/keycloak-adapter-core	tag_library	keycloak
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	tag_library	google
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	tag_library	computing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	tag_library	engine
org.apache.nifi/nifi-mongodb-processors	tag_library	database
org.apache.nifi/nifi-mongodb-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-mongodb-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-mongodb-processors	tag_library	processor
org.apache.nifi/nifi-mongodb-processors	tag_library	mongodb
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro	tag_library	macro
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro	tag_library	token
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro	tag_library	jenkins
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	categorise_library	Actor Frameworks
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	tag_library	framework
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/testlink	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/testlink	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/testlink	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/testlink	tag_library	jenkins
org.keycloak/keycloak-authz-client	tag_library	authorization
org.keycloak/keycloak-authz-client	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-authz-client	tag_library	client
org.webjars.npm/y18n	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/y18n	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/y18n	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/y18n	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/y18n	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/marked	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/marked	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/marked	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/marked	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/marked	tag_library	resources
org.springframework.ldap/spring-ldap-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.ldap/spring-ldap-core	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.ldap/spring-ldap-core	tag_library	ldap
org.springframework.ldap/spring-ldap-core	tag_library	directory
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-deployment-repository	tag_library	deployment
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-deployment-repository	tag_library	repository
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-deployment-repository	tag_library	wildfly
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	tag_library	queue
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	tag_library	apache
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	tag_library	client
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	tag_library	message
org.neo4j.procedure/apoc	tag_library	database
org.neo4j.procedure/apoc	tag_library	graph
org.neo4j.procedure/apoc	tag_library	neo4j
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-core	tag_library	broker
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-core	tag_library	apache
com.programmingresearch/prqa-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.npm/tar	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/tar	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/tar	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/tar	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/tar	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/tar	tag_library	tar
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vault-scm-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vault-scm-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vault-scm-plugin	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vault-scm-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vault-scm-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vault-scm-plugin	tag_library	vault
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	tag_library	user
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	tag_library	validation
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/dry	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.flex.blazeds/flex-messaging-core	tag_library	messaging
org.apache.flex.blazeds/flex-messaging-core	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext	tag_library	mail
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext	tag_library	jenkins
org.fusesource.hawtjni/hawtjni-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.webjars/AdminBSBMaterialDesign	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/AdminBSBMaterialDesign	tag_library	web
org.webjars/AdminBSBMaterialDesign	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/AdminBSBMaterialDesign	tag_library	resources
poi/poi-2.5-final	tag_library	poi
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	categorise_library	Natural Language Processing
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	nlp
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	parsing
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	text
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	processing
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	language
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	machine-learning
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.james/james-server-data-file	tag_library	server
org.apache.james/james-server-data-file	tag_library	data
org.apache.james/james-server-data-file	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james/james-server-data-file	tag_library	mail
org.apache.james/james-server-data-file	tag_library	file
io.vertx/vertx-web-api-contract	tag_library	web
io.vertx/vertx-web-api-contract	tag_library	vertx
io.vertx/vertx-web-api-contract	tag_library	api
io.vertx/vertx-web-api-contract	tag_library	contract
com.atlassian.connect/atlassian-connect-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	atlassian
com.atlassian.connect/atlassian-connect-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	spring
com.atlassian.connect/atlassian-connect-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	connection
com.atlassian.connect/atlassian-connect-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	starter
org.apache.uima/uimaj-tools	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.uima/uimaj-tools	tag_library	tools
org.apache.uima/uimaj-tools	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/uimaj-tools	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-core	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-core	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.birt.runtime/viewservlets	tag_library	birt
org.eclipse.birt.runtime/viewservlets	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.birt.runtime/viewservlets	tag_library	runtime
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13	tag_library	play-framework
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	categorise_library	Language Runtime
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	tag_library	language
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	tag_library	library
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	tag_library	kotlin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	tag_library	jdk
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	tag_library	runtime
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	tag_library	jetbrains
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk16	tag_library	jdk
org.eclipse.vorto/mapping-core	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.vorto/mapping-core	tag_library	mapping
com.alibaba/fastjson	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
com.alibaba/fastjson	tag_library	format
com.alibaba/fastjson	tag_library	json
com.alibaba/fastjson	tag_library	serialization
com.alibaba/fastjson	tag_library	alibaba
org.elasticsearch.plugin/x-pack-security	tag_library	plugin
org.elasticsearch.plugin/x-pack-security	tag_library	security
org.elasticsearch.plugin/x-pack-security	tag_library	elasticsearch
org.elasticsearch.plugin/x-pack-security	tag_library	elastic
org.elasticsearch.plugin/x-pack-security	tag_library	search
org.apache.nifi/nifi-jetty	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-jetty	tag_library	server
org.apache.nifi/nifi-jetty	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.nifi/nifi-jetty	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-jetty	tag_library	jetty
dom4j/dom4j	categorise_library	XML Processing
dom4j/dom4j	tag_library	dom
dom4j/dom4j	tag_library	xml
dom4j/dom4j	tag_library	processing
io.vertx/vertx-core	categorise_library	Concurrency Libraries
io.vertx/vertx-core	tag_library	vertx
io.vertx/vertx-core	tag_library	concurrency
io.vertx/vertx-core	tag_library	parallel
io.vertx/vertx-core	tag_library	multithreading
org.webjars.bower/mathjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/mathjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/mathjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/mathjs	tag_library	resources
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-starters	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-starters	tag_library	starter
org.apache.nifi/nifi-file-authorizer	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-file-authorizer	tag_library	authorization
org.apache.nifi/nifi-file-authorizer	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-file-authorizer	tag_library	file
org.webjars/tinymce	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/tinymce	tag_library	web
org.webjars/tinymce	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/tinymce	tag_library	resources
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.okhttp	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.okhttp	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.okhttp	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.okhttp	tag_library	http
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.okhttp	tag_library	osgi
org.jruby.jcodings/jcodings	tag_library	ruby
org.webjars/dojo	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/dojo	tag_library	web
org.webjars/dojo	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/dojo	tag_library	resources
com.github.binarywang/weixin-java-pay	tag_library	github
com.github.binarywang/weixin-java-pay	tag_library	payments
org.webjars.npm/backbone-validation	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/backbone-validation	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/backbone-validation	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/backbone-validation	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/backbone-validation	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/backbone-validation	tag_library	validation
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-server	tag_library	server
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-server	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-server	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-server	tag_library	gateway
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-server	tag_library	cloud
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-broker	tag_library	queue
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-broker	tag_library	rocketmq
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-broker	tag_library	broker
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-broker	tag_library	apache
org.richfaces.ui/richfaces-components-ui	tag_library	ui
org.richfaces.ui/richfaces-components-ui	tag_library	component
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	communication
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	queue
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	broker
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	apache
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	message
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack	categorise_library	XMPP Integration Libraries
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack	tag_library	xmpp
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack	tag_library	protocol
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack	tag_library	messaging
io.spray/spray-json_2.12	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.12	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.12	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.12	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.12	tag_library	serialization
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-login	tag_library	identity
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-login	tag_library	login
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsts-cd	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsts-cd	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsts-cd	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsts-cd	tag_library	jenkins
org.onosproject/onos-app-cpman	tag_library	bundle
org.onosproject/onos-app-cpman	tag_library	osgi
org.springframework/spring-webflow	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-webflow	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-webflow	tag_library	webflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	tag_library	network
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	tag_library	ssh
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	tag_library	agent
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.kylin/kylin	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/artemis-server	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/artemis-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.activemq/artemis-server	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/artemis-server	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/artemis-server	tag_library	apache
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-core	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-core	tag_library	server
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-core	tag_library	cache
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-web	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-web	tag_library	web
org.springframework/org.springframework.web	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/org.springframework.web	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/org.springframework.web	tag_library	web
org.apache.camel/camel-http-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-http-common	tag_library	http
org.apache.camel/camel-http-common	tag_library	camel
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload-samples	categorise_library	Web Applications
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload-samples	tag_library	application
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload-samples	tag_library	war
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload-samples	tag_library	google
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload-samples	tag_library	web
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload-samples	tag_library	webapp
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	categorise_library	Code Generators
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	tag_library	generator
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	tag_library	codegen
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	tag_library	openapi
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	tag_library	code
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	tag_library	swagger
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	tag_library	api
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-core-util-api	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-core-util-api	tag_library	api
org.glassfish/jakarta.faces	tag_library	jakarta
org.glassfish/jakarta.faces	tag_library	glassfish
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13	tag_library	web
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13	tag_library	framework
edu.vt.middleware/vt-ldap	tag_library	ldap
edu.vt.middleware/vt-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dbCharts	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dbCharts	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dbCharts	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dbCharts	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	categorise_library	Object Serialization
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	format
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	binary
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	data
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	object
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	apache
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	thrift
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	protocol
ru.yandex.jenkins.plugins.debuilder/debian-package-builder	tag_library	plugin
ru.yandex.jenkins.plugins.debuilder/debian-package-builder	tag_library	build
ru.yandex.jenkins.plugins.debuilder/debian-package-builder	tag_library	builder
ru.yandex.jenkins.plugins.debuilder/debian-package-builder	tag_library	jenkins
com.epam.reportportal/service-api	tag_library	service
com.epam.reportportal/service-api	tag_library	api
org.springframework/org.springframework.core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/org.springframework.core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	application
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	admin
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	war
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	portal
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	web
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot	categorise_library	Application Servers
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot	tag_library	application
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot	tag_library	server
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot	tag_library	appserver
org.apache.velocity/velocity	categorise_library	Template Engines
org.apache.velocity/velocity	tag_library	apache
org.apache.velocity/velocity	tag_library	velocity
org.apache.velocity/velocity	tag_library	template
org.apache.velocity/velocity	tag_library	engine
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/minio-storage	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/minio-storage	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/minio-storage	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/minio-storage	tag_library	minio
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/minio-storage	tag_library	storage
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/minio-storage	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-master	tag_library	accumulo
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-master	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-xml	tag_library	binding
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-xml	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-xml	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-xml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-xml	tag_library	xml
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-xml	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bower/simple-uploader	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/simple-uploader	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/simple-uploader	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/simple-uploader	tag_library	upload
org.webjars.bower/simple-uploader	tag_library	resources
org.apache.activemq/activemq-osgi	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-osgi	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.activemq/activemq-osgi	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-osgi	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-osgi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-osgi	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/validating-string-parameter	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/validating-string-parameter	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/validating-string-parameter	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/validating-string-parameter	tag_library	string
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/validating-string-parameter	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/validating-string-parameter	tag_library	parameters
tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	tomcat
org.webjars/tinymce-jquery	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/tinymce-jquery	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/tinymce-jquery	tag_library	web
org.webjars/tinymce-jquery	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/tinymce-jquery	tag_library	jquery
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mercurial	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mercurial	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mercurial	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mercurial	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mercurial	tag_library	jenkins
xerces/xercesImpl	categorise_library	XML Processing
xerces/xercesImpl	tag_library	parser
xerces/xercesImpl	tag_library	xml
xerces/xercesImpl	tag_library	processing
org.apache.nifi/nifi-authorizer	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-authorizer	tag_library	authorization
org.apache.nifi/nifi-authorizer	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/rdfstore	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/rdfstore	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/rdfstore	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/rdfstore	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/rdfstore	tag_library	resources
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ranger-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ranger-plugin	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ranger-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.springframework/spring-websocket	tag_library	socket
org.springframework/spring-websocket	tag_library	websocket
org.springframework/spring-websocket	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-websocket	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-websocket	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	embedded
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	socket
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	websocket
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	tomcat
hudson.plugins.octopusdeploy/octopusdeploy	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	tag_library	authentication
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	tag_library	javascript
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap	tag_library	resources
com.inkysea.vmware.vra/vmware-vrealize-automation-plugin	tag_library	plugin
com.inkysea.vmware.vra/vmware-vrealize-automation-plugin	tag_library	automation
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	communication
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	broker
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	message
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/distfork	tag_library	plugin
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-simple-mfa	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-simple-mfa	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-simple-mfa	tag_library	mfa
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-core	categorise_library	Enterprise Integration
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-core	tag_library	integration
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-core	tag_library	enterprise
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-core	tag_library	framework
org.openid4java/openid4java	categorise_library	OpenID Libraries
org.openid4java/openid4java	tag_library	openid
org.openid4java/openid4java	tag_library	authentication
org.openid4java/openid4java	tag_library	authorization
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compact-columns	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compact-columns	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compact-columns	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compact-columns	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/growl	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/growl	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/growl	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/growl	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/growl	tag_library	resources
org.slf4j/slf4j-ext	categorise_library	Logging Frameworks
org.slf4j/slf4j-ext	tag_library	logging
org.slf4j/slf4j-ext	tag_library	slf4j
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/badge	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/badge	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/badge	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/badge	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.ws.security/wss4j	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.ws.security/wss4j	tag_library	security
org.apache.ws.security/wss4j	tag_library	apache
org.apache.ws.security/wss4j	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-post-script	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-post-script	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-post-script	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-post-script	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-post-script	tag_library	scripting
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	network
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	client
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dynatrace-dashboard	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dynatrace-dashboard	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dynatrace-dashboard	tag_library	dashboard
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dynatrace-dashboard	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dynatrace-dashboard	tag_library	jenkins
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-core	tag_library	bundle
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-core	tag_library	osgi
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload	tag_library	google
org.webjars/yui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/yui	tag_library	web
org.webjars/yui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/yui	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/eggplant-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/eggplant-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/eggplant-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/eggplant-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jasig.portal/uportal-impl	tag_library	portal
org.jasig.portal/uportal-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sounds	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sounds	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sounds	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sounds	tag_library	sound
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sounds	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mozilla-nunjucks	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mozilla-nunjucks	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mozilla-nunjucks	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mozilla-nunjucks	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mozilla-nunjucks	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mozilla-nunjucks	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bumblebee	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bumblebee	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bumblebee	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bumblebee	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-slaves	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	network
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	ssh
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/ckeditor	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/ckeditor	tag_library	web
org.webjars/ckeditor	tag_library	editor
org.webjars/ckeditor	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/ckeditor	tag_library	resources
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-runtime	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-runtime	tag_library	server
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-runtime	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.apache.camel/camel-management	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-management	tag_library	management
org.apache.camel/camel-management	tag_library	camel
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/artifactory	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/artifactory	tag_library	artifactory
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rapiddeploy-jenkins	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rapiddeploy-jenkins	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rapiddeploy-jenkins	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rapiddeploy-jenkins	tag_library	jenkins
io.swagger/swagger-parser	tag_library	api
io.swagger/swagger-parser	tag_library	openapi
io.swagger/swagger-parser	tag_library	swagger
io.swagger/swagger-parser	tag_library	parser
org.jasig.cas/cas-client-core	tag_library	client
egor-n/fabric-beta-publisher	tag_library	publisher
org.apache.oozie/oozie-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-bootstrap	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-bootstrap	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	tag_library	database
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	tag_library	stats
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	tag_library	couchdb
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/node-sass	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/node-sass	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/node-sass	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/node-sass	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/node-sass	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/node-sass	tag_library	node
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	categorise_library	Web Applications
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	application
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	war
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	web
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	webapp
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	terminal
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	karaf
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	osgi
org.grails.plugins/fields	tag_library	plugin
org.grails.plugins/fields	tag_library	groovy
org.grails.plugins/fields	tag_library	grails
org.webjars.npm/mongoose	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mongoose	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mongoose	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mongoose	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mongoose	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	tag_library	aws
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	tag_library	s3
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	tag_library	storage
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	tag_library	jenkins
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all	tag_library	jetty
org.webjars.npm/decompress	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/decompress	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/decompress	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/decompress	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/decompress	tag_library	resources
tomcat/tomcat-http	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat-http	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat-http	tag_library	tomcat
tomcat/tomcat-http	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/codefresh	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/codefresh	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/codefresh	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/codefresh	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-kernel	tag_library	kernel
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-kernel	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-kernel	tag_library	framework
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-kernel	tag_library	apache
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-kernel	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan	tag_library	scanning
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-lib	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-lib	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-lib	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-lib	tag_library	library
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-lib	tag_library	openjpa
org.webjars.npm/mathjax	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mathjax	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mathjax	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mathjax	tag_library	math
org.webjars.npm/mathjax	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mathjax	tag_library	resources
org.apache.myfaces.shared/myfaces-shared-core	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.shared/myfaces-shared-core	tag_library	apache
com.hotels.styx/styx-api	tag_library	api
org.webjars.bower/jsrsasign	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/jsrsasign	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/jsrsasign	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/jsrsasign	tag_library	resources
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/analysis-core	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/analysis-core	tag_library	analysis
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	tag_library	jquery
org.igniterealtime.openfire.plugins/clientControl	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.nifi/nifi-security	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.nifi/nifi-security	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	security
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	config
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.tomee/openejb-core	tag_library	ejb
org.apache.tomee/openejb-core	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.tomee/openejb-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomee/openejb-core	tag_library	openejb
com.typesafe.play/play_2.12	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.typesafe.play/play_2.12	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play_2.12	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play_2.12	tag_library	web
com.typesafe.play/play_2.12	tag_library	framework
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/support-core	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/support-core	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/support-core	tag_library	support
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/support-core	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/support-core	tag_library	jenkins
com.xebialabs.xlt.ci/xltestview-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	tag_library	scripting
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	tag_library	javascript
org.lz4/lz4-java	categorise_library	Compression Libraries
org.lz4/lz4-java	tag_library	compression
org.lz4/lz4-java	tag_library	data
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	tag_library	database
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	tag_library	influxdb
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	tag_library	metrics
com.squareup/connect	tag_library	connection
org.apache.druid/druid	tag_library	apache
org.apache.druid/druid	tag_library	druid
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	categorise_library	Web Servers
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	embedded
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	http
org.w3c.css/css-validator	categorise_library	CSS, LESS, SASS
org.w3c.css/css-validator	tag_library	design
org.w3c.css/css-validator	tag_library	css
org.w3c.css/css-validator	tag_library	styles
org.w3c.css/css-validator	tag_library	web
org.w3c.css/css-validator	tag_library	validation
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	authentication
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/delphix	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/delphix	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/delphix	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/delphix	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core	tag_library	mapreduce
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core	tag_library	client
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core	tag_library	parallel
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-parent	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-parent	tag_library	apache
com.browserup/browserup-proxy	tag_library	proxy
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M5	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M5	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M5	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M5	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M5	tag_library	serialization
org.springframework/org.springframework.oxm	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/org.springframework.oxm	tag_library	framework
org.webjars.npm/sshpk	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/sshpk	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/sshpk	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/sshpk	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/sshpk	tag_library	resources
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	tag_library	communication
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	tag_library	remote
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	tag_library	distributed
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	tag_library	remoting
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	tag_library	rpc
org.webjars.bower/pagerjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/pagerjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/pagerjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/pagerjs	tag_library	resources
org.mapfish.print/print-lib	tag_library	library
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-extension-providers	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-extension-providers	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-extension-providers	tag_library	provider
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-extension-providers	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-extension-providers	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-extension-providers	tag_library	extension
org.webjars.npm/github-com-chatwoot-chatwoot	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-chatwoot-chatwoot	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-chatwoot-chatwoot	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-chatwoot-chatwoot	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-chatwoot-chatwoot	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-chatwoot-chatwoot	tag_library	resources
org.bedework/bw-webdav	tag_library	webdav
org.bedework/bw-webdav	tag_library	web
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-core-project	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-core-project	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/wildfly-deployer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/wildfly-deployer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/wildfly-deployer	tag_library	deployment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/wildfly-deployer	tag_library	wildfly
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/wildfly-deployer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/wildfly-deployer	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger	tag_library	remote
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sidebar-link	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sidebar-link	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sidebar-link	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sidebar-link	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sidebar-link	tag_library	sidebar
org.webjars.bower/js-data	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/js-data	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/js-data	tag_library	data
org.webjars.bower/js-data	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/js-data	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/js-data	tag_library	javascript
org.webjars/jquery-ui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/jquery-ui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/jquery-ui	tag_library	web
org.webjars/jquery-ui	tag_library	ui
org.webjars/jquery-ui	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/jquery-ui	tag_library	jquery
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.antisamy	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.antisamy	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.antisamy	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.antisamy	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-transcoder	tag_library	svg
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-transcoder	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-transcoder	tag_library	graphics
org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-compute	categorise_library	Cloud Computing
org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-compute	tag_library	computing
org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-compute	tag_library	cloud
org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-compute	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/lodash-es	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/lodash-es	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/lodash-es	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/lodash-es	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/lodash-es	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oic-auth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oic-auth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oic-auth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oic-auth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oic-auth	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.plugins/warnings-ng	tag_library	plugin
io.jenkins.plugins/warnings-ng	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.plugins/aws-global-configuration	tag_library	plugin
io.jenkins.plugins/aws-global-configuration	tag_library	aws
io.jenkins.plugins/aws-global-configuration	tag_library	amazon
io.jenkins.plugins/aws-global-configuration	tag_library	config
io.jenkins.plugins/aws-global-configuration	tag_library	jenkins
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	queue
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	messaging
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	amqp
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	client
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	message
org.apache.camel/camel-endpointdsl	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-endpointdsl	tag_library	dsl
org.apache.camel/camel-endpointdsl	tag_library	camel
org.springframework.ws/spring-ws-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.ws/spring-ws-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-javatemplates-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.struts/struts2-javatemplates-plugin	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-javatemplates-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.security/spring-security-config	categorise_library	Configuration Libraries
org.springframework.security/spring-security-config	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-config	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-config	tag_library	config
org.springframework.security/spring-security-config	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-config	tag_library	properties
org.springframework/spring	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring	tag_library	framework
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.9.2	tag_library	twitter
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.9.2	tag_library	server
com.vaadin/vaadin	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.vaadin/vaadin	tag_library	web-framework
com.vaadin/vaadin	tag_library	vaadin
com.vaadin/vaadin	tag_library	web
com.vaadin/vaadin	tag_library	framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-struts1-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.struts/struts2-struts1-plugin	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-struts1-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.apache.poi/poi-scratchpad	tag_library	poi
org.apache.poi/poi-scratchpad	tag_library	apache
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-common	tag_library	alibaba
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/harvest	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	picker
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	jquery
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	time
postgresql/postgresql	categorise_library	JDBC Drivers
postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	database
postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	sql
postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	jdbc
postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	postgresql
postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	driver
postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	rdbms
org.apache.commons/commons-email	categorise_library	Mail Clients
org.apache.commons/commons-email	tag_library	apache
org.apache.commons/commons-email	tag_library	mail
org.apache.commons/commons-email	tag_library	client
org.apache.commons/commons-email	tag_library	commons
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-rest	tag_library	server
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-rest	tag_library	rest
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-rest	tag_library	controller
org.apache.tiles/tiles-jsp	categorise_library	JSP Tag Libraries
org.apache.tiles/tiles-jsp	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tiles/tiles-jsp	tag_library	jsp
org.apache.tiles/tiles-jsp	tag_library	taglib
org.webjars.bower/editor.md	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/editor.md	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/editor.md	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/editor.md	tag_library	editor
org.webjars.bower/editor.md	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/mustachejs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/mustachejs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/mustachejs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/mustachejs	tag_library	resources
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14	tag_library	jdk
org.webjars.bower/lazysizes	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/lazysizes	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/lazysizes	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/lazysizes	tag_library	resources
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor.ui	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor.ui	tag_library	framework
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor.ui	tag_library	ui
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor.ui	tag_library	identity
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor.ui	tag_library	osgi
de.e-nexus/jabber-server-plugin	tag_library	plugin
de.e-nexus/jabber-server-plugin	tag_library	server
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-config	tag_library	config
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-config	tag_library	alibaba
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-acs	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-acs	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-acs	tag_library	azure
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-acs	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-acs	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.syncope.ext.oidcclient/syncope-ext-oidcclient-persistence-jpa	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.syncope.ext.oidcclient/syncope-ext-oidcclient-persistence-jpa	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.syncope.ext.oidcclient/syncope-ext-oidcclient-persistence-jpa	tag_library	oidc
org.apache.syncope.ext.oidcclient/syncope-ext-oidcclient-persistence-jpa	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	event
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	notification
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	azure
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	grid
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	application
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	war
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	web
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	console
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-client	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-client	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-client	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-client	tag_library	client
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-client	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.spark/spark-launcher_2.10	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-launcher_2.10	tag_library	apache
org.apache.spark/spark-launcher_2.10	tag_library	launcher
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.12	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.12	tag_library	play-framework
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-reviewbot	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-reviewbot	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-reviewbot	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-reviewbot	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf.services.sts/cxf-services-sts-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.services.sts/cxf-services-sts-core	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.services.sts/cxf-services-sts-core	tag_library	service
org.apache.cxf.services.sts/cxf-services-sts-core	tag_library	sts
org.apache.cxf.services.sts/cxf-services-sts-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.services.sts/cxf-services-sts-core	tag_library	osgi
org.owasp.antisamy/antisamy	tag_library	owasp
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix	tag_library	netflix
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix	tag_library	cloud
org.webjars/simditor	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/simditor	tag_library	web
org.webjars/simditor	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/simditor	tag_library	resources
org.apache.karaf.jaas/org.apache.karaf.jaas.modules	tag_library	module
org.apache.karaf.jaas/org.apache.karaf.jaas.modules	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.jaas/org.apache.karaf.jaas.modules	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.jaas/org.apache.karaf.jaas.modules	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.jaas/org.apache.karaf.jaas.modules	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/pathval	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/pathval	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/pathval	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/pathval	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/pathval	tag_library	resources
com.github.penggle/kaptcha	tag_library	github
com.nimbusds/nimbus-jose-jwt	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
com.nimbusds/nimbus-jose-jwt	tag_library	security
com.nimbusds/nimbus-jose-jwt	tag_library	crypto
com.nimbusds/nimbus-jose-jwt	tag_library	jwt
com.nimbusds/nimbus-jose-jwt	tag_library	encryption
org.apache.calcite/calcite-core	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elastest	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elastest	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elastest	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elastest	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/mout	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mout	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mout	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mout	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mout	tag_library	resources
org.dashbuilder/dashbuilder-dataset-sql	tag_library	sql
org.dashbuilder/dashbuilder-dataset-sql	tag_library	data
org.dashbuilder/dashbuilder-dataset-sql	tag_library	builder
org.dashbuilder/dashbuilder-dataset-sql	tag_library	dataset
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sametime	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sametime	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sametime	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sametime	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bower/tinymce-dist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/tinymce-dist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/tinymce-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.bower/tinymce-dist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/tinymce-dist	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/chownr	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/chownr	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/chownr	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/chownr	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/chownr	tag_library	resources
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.13	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.13	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.13	tag_library	filtering
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	jdk
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	osgi
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	stats
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	build
org.apache.camel/camel-jslt	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jslt	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/appdynamics-dashboard	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/appdynamics-dashboard	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/appdynamics-dashboard	tag_library	dashboard
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/appdynamics-dashboard	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/appdynamics-dashboard	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/assign-deep	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/assign-deep	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/assign-deep	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/assign-deep	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/assign-deep	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	tag_library	url
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	tag_library	regexp
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	tag_library	resources
org.jboss.mod_cluster/mod_cluster	tag_library	cluster
org.jboss.mod_cluster/mod_cluster	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.drill.exec/drill-java-exec	tag_library	apache
org.apache.drill.exec/drill-java-exec	tag_library	exec
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/checkstyle	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/checkstyle	tag_library	style
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/checkstyle	tag_library	analysis
org.apache.camel/camel-velocity	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-velocity	tag_library	velocity
org.apache.camel/camel-velocity	tag_library	camel
io.netty/netty-handler	tag_library	network
io.netty/netty-handler	tag_library	netty
io.netty/netty-handler	tag_library	socket
io.netty/netty-handler	tag_library	io
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	categorise_library	Web Servers
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	tag_library	http
com.amazonaws/aws-codebuild	tag_library	aws
com.amazonaws/aws-codebuild	tag_library	amazon
com.amazonaws/aws-codebuild	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar-gerrit	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar-gerrit	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar-gerrit	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar-gerrit	tag_library	sonar
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar-gerrit	tag_library	jenkins
com.hazelcast/hazelcast-all	tag_library	hazelcast
org.webjars.npm/node-macaddress	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/node-macaddress	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/node-macaddress	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/node-macaddress	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/node-macaddress	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/node-macaddress	tag_library	node
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-launcher	tag_library	apache
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-launcher	tag_library	launcher
org.springframework/spring-beans	categorise_library	Dependency Injection
org.springframework/spring-beans	tag_library	beans
org.springframework/spring-beans	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-beans	tag_library	dependency-injection
org.springframework/spring-beans	tag_library	ioc
org.springframework/spring-beans	tag_library	framework
de.tudarmstadt.ukp.dkpro.core/de.tudarmstadt.ukp.dkpro.core.api.datasets-asl	tag_library	dataset
de.tudarmstadt.ukp.dkpro.core/de.tudarmstadt.ukp.dkpro.core.api.datasets-asl	tag_library	api
com.alibaba/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	dubbo
com.alibaba/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	alibaba
com.alibaba/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	http
com.alibaba/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	rpc
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/warnings	tag_library	plugin
org.codehaus.woodstox/woodstox-core-lgpl	tag_library	codehaus
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/neoload-jenkins-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/neoload-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/neoload-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/neoload-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.generic	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.generic	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader	tag_library	upload
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/diawi-upload	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/diawi-upload	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/diawi-upload	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/diawi-upload	tag_library	upload
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/diawi-upload	tag_library	jenkins
org.jboss.xnio/xnio-nio	tag_library	nio
org.jboss.xnio/xnio-nio	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.xnio/xnio-nio	tag_library	io
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	hibernate
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	validation
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/bl	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/bl	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/bl	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/bl	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/bl	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/collabnet	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/collabnet	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/collabnet	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/collabnet	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.axis/axis	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-xmljson	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-xmljson	tag_library	camel
org.webjars.npm/thrift	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	serialization
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	thrift
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	protocol
org.apache.activemq/artemis-jms-client	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/artemis-jms-client	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/artemis-jms-client	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/artemis-jms-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/artemis-jms-client	tag_library	client
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailer	tag_library	mail
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailer	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-client	tag_library	registry
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-client	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-client	tag_library	client
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on	tag_library	security
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on	tag_library	crypto
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on	tag_library	encryption
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.thymeleaf/thymeleaf-spring3	tag_library	spring
org.thymeleaf/thymeleaf-spring3	tag_library	thymeleaf
org.webjars.npm/js-data	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/js-data	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/js-data	tag_library	data
org.webjars.npm/js-data	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/js-data	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/js-data	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/js-data	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.camel/apache-camel	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/apache-camel	tag_library	camel
org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string	tag_library	string
org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string	tag_library	storage
com.liferay/com.liferay.captcha.taglib	tag_library	captcha
com.liferay/com.liferay.captcha.taglib	tag_library	authentication
com.liferay/com.liferay.captcha.taglib	tag_library	liferay
com.liferay/com.liferay.captcha.taglib	tag_library	library
com.liferay/com.liferay.captcha.taglib	tag_library	taglib
com.itextpdf/kernel	tag_library	pdf
com.itextpdf/kernel	tag_library	kernel
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all-server	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all-server	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.ignite/ignite-indexing	tag_library	apache
org.apache.ignite/ignite-indexing	tag_library	index
org.exist-db/exist	tag_library	database
org.apache.myfaces.shared/myfaces-shared-impl	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.shared/myfaces-shared-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.myfaces.shared/myfaces-shared-impl	tag_library	apache
org.webjars/jshamcrest	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/jshamcrest	tag_library	web
org.webjars/jshamcrest	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/jshamcrest	tag_library	resources
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsphere-cloud	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsphere-cloud	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsphere-cloud	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsphere-cloud	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsphere-cloud	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/superagent	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/superagent	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/superagent	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/superagent	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/superagent	tag_library	resources
com.linecorp.armeria/armeria	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
com.linecorp.armeria/armeria	tag_library	distributed
com.linecorp.armeria/armeria	tag_library	communication
com.linecorp.armeria/armeria	tag_library	remoting
com.linecorp.armeria/armeria	tag_library	rpc
io.netty/netty	categorise_library	Network App Frameworks
io.netty/netty	tag_library	network
io.netty/netty	tag_library	bundle
io.netty/netty	tag_library	socket
io.netty/netty	tag_library	framework
io.netty/netty	tag_library	netty
io.netty/netty	tag_library	io
io.netty/netty	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2	tag_library	spring
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.qpid/proton-project	tag_library	apache
xalan/xalan	categorise_library	XML Processing
xalan/xalan	tag_library	xml
xalan/xalan	tag_library	processing
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	security
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	crypto
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	encryption
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.apache.camel/camel-mvel	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-mvel	tag_library	camel
org.webjars/dojo-src	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/dojo-src	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/dojo-src	tag_library	web
org.webjars/dojo-src	tag_library	resources
org.apache.unomi/unomi-services	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.unomi/unomi-services	tag_library	service
org.apache.unomi/unomi-services	tag_library	apache
org.apache.unomi/unomi-services	tag_library	osgi
ognl/ognl	categorise_library	Expression Languages
ognl/ognl	tag_library	expression
ognl/ognl	tag_library	language
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	github
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	bootstrap
com.floragunn/search-guard-6	tag_library	search
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on	tag_library	debug
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.12	categorise_library	JWT Libraries
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.12	tag_library	security
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.12	tag_library	json
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.12	tag_library	authentication
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.12	tag_library	jwt
org.neo4j/neo4j-security-enterprise	tag_library	database
org.neo4j/neo4j-security-enterprise	tag_library	security
org.neo4j/neo4j-security-enterprise	tag_library	graph
org.neo4j/neo4j-security-enterprise	tag_library	neo4j
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M3	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M3	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M3	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M3	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M3	tag_library	serialization
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.m2release/m2release	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.m2release/m2release	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.m2release/m2release	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.m2release/m2release	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.spark/spark-launcher_2.11	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-launcher_2.11	tag_library	apache
org.apache.spark/spark-launcher_2.11	tag_library	launcher
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-bundle	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-bundle	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-bundle	tag_library	apache
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-bundle	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.junit	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.junit	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.junit	tag_library	junit
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.junit	tag_library	testing
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.junit	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.junit	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/lodash	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/lodash	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/lodash	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/lodash	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/lodash	tag_library	resources
org.bouncycastle/bcmail-jdk14	tag_library	jdk
org.uberfire/uberfire-security-server	tag_library	server
org.uberfire/uberfire-security-server	tag_library	security
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-server	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-server	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.camel/camel-core-xml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-core-xml	tag_library	xml
org.apache.camel/camel-core-xml	tag_library	camel
com.cronutils/cron-utils	categorise_library	CRON Parser
com.cronutils/cron-utils	tag_library	scheduling
com.cronutils/cron-utils	tag_library	parser
com.cronutils/cron-utils	tag_library	cron
com.cronutils/cron-utils	tag_library	expression
com.cronutils/cron-utils	tag_library	time
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client	tag_library	network
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client	tag_library	client
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client	tag_library	asynchronous
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/StashBranchParameter	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/StashBranchParameter	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/StashBranchParameter	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/StashBranchParameter	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/mathjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/mathjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/mathjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/mathjs	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/cli	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/cli	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/cli	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/cli	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/cli	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/cli	tag_library	command-line
org.grails/grails-resources	tag_library	grails
org.grails/grails-resources	tag_library	groovy
org.grails/grails-resources	tag_library	resource
org.webjars.npm/nodemailer	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/nodemailer	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/nodemailer	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/nodemailer	tag_library	mail
org.webjars.npm/nodemailer	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/nodemailer	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	tag_library	date
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	tag_library	time
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-client	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-client	tag_library	client
org.restlet.jse/org.restlet	tag_library	rest
org.restlet.jse/org.restlet	tag_library	restlet
org.vivoweb/vitro-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	rpc
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	xml
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	xmlrpc
xstream/xstream	categorise_library	XML Processing
xstream/xstream	tag_library	xml
xstream/xstream	tag_library	processing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	jira
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	management
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	jenkins
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M4	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M4	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M4	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M4	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M4	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.syncope.ext.elasticsearch/syncope-ext-elasticsearch-persistence-jpa	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.syncope.ext.elasticsearch/syncope-ext-elasticsearch-persistence-jpa	tag_library	elasticsearch
org.apache.syncope.ext.elasticsearch/syncope-ext-elasticsearch-persistence-jpa	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.syncope.ext.elasticsearch/syncope-ext-elasticsearch-persistence-jpa	tag_library	elastic
org.apache.syncope.ext.elasticsearch/syncope-ext-elasticsearch-persistence-jpa	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope.ext.elasticsearch/syncope-ext-elasticsearch-persistence-jpa	tag_library	search
org.webjars.npm/tinymce	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/tinymce	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/tinymce	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/tinymce	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/tinymce	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/dot-prop	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/dot-prop	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/dot-prop	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/dot-prop	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/dot-prop	tag_library	resources
com.openshift.jenkins/openshift-pipeline	tag_library	openshift
com.openshift.jenkins/openshift-pipeline	tag_library	pipeline
com.openshift.jenkins/openshift-pipeline	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bowergithub.snapappointments/bootstrap-select	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.snapappointments/bootstrap-select	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.snapappointments/bootstrap-select	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.snapappointments/bootstrap-select	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.snapappointments/bootstrap-select	tag_library	bootstrap
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.xml	tag_library	integration
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.xml	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.xml	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.xml	tag_library	xml
org.apache.qpid/qpid-common	tag_library	apache
org.springframework/org.springframework.web.servlet	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/org.springframework.web.servlet	tag_library	servlet
org.springframework/org.springframework.web.servlet	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/org.springframework.web.servlet	tag_library	web
xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	rpc
xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	xml
xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	xmlrpc
com.liferay/com.liferay.gogo.shell.web	tag_library	shell
com.liferay/com.liferay.gogo.shell.web	tag_library	web
com.liferay/com.liferay.gogo.shell.web	tag_library	liferay
com.innoventsolutions.birt.runtime/org.apache.xerces_2.9.0.v201101211617	tag_library	birt
com.innoventsolutions.birt.runtime/org.apache.xerces_2.9.0.v201101211617	tag_library	parser
com.innoventsolutions.birt.runtime/org.apache.xerces_2.9.0.v201101211617	tag_library	apache
com.innoventsolutions.birt.runtime/org.apache.xerces_2.9.0.v201101211617	tag_library	runtime
org.bouncycastle/bctls-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	tag_library	jms
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	tag_library	queue
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	tag_library	messaging
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	tag_library	jenkins
io.pivotal.spring.cloud/spring-cloud-sso-connector	tag_library	sso
io.pivotal.spring.cloud/spring-cloud-sso-connector	tag_library	spring
io.pivotal.spring.cloud/spring-cloud-sso-connector	tag_library	cloud
io.pivotal.spring.cloud/spring-cloud-sso-connector	tag_library	connector
io.pivotal.spring.cloud/spring-cloud-sso-connector	tag_library	connection
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	application
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	war
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	rest
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	web
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	apache
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-oauth2-client-web	tag_library	system
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-oauth2-client-web	tag_library	web
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-oauth2-client-web	tag_library	authentication
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-oauth2-client-web	tag_library	client
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-oauth2-client-web	tag_library	oauth
org.webjars/jquery	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/jquery	tag_library	web
org.webjars/jquery	tag_library	jquery
org.webjars/jquery	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/jquery	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-approve	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-approve	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-approve	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-approve	tag_library	bitbucket
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-approve	tag_library	jenkins
mysql/mysql-connector-java	categorise_library	JDBC Drivers
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	database
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	sql
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	jdbc
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	driver
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	connector
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	rdbms
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	mysql
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	connection
org.jboss.seam/jboss-seam	tag_library	ejb
org.jboss.seam/jboss-seam	tag_library	jboss
org.webjars.npm/handlebars	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/handlebars	tag_library	handlebars
org.webjars.npm/handlebars	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/handlebars	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/handlebars	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/handlebars	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/browser-sync	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/browser-sync	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/browser-sync	tag_library	browser
org.webjars/browser-sync	tag_library	web
org.webjars/browser-sync	tag_library	synchronization
org.webjars/browser-sync	tag_library	resources
org.apache.myfaces.commons/myfaces-commons	tag_library	apache
org.apache.myfaces.commons/myfaces-commons	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.commons/myfaces-commons	tag_library	commons
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.opensaml	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.opensaml	tag_library	security
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.opensaml	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.opensaml	tag_library	saml
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.opensaml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.opensaml	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.milo/sdk-client	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.milo/sdk-client	tag_library	sdk
org.eclipse.milo/sdk-client	tag_library	client
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-parent	tag_library	eclipse
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/periodicbackup	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/periodicbackup	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/periodicbackup	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/periodicbackup	tag_library	jenkins
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.12	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.12	tag_library	network
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.12	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.12	tag_library	client
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.12	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.12	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pangolin-testrail-connector	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pangolin-testrail-connector	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pangolin-testrail-connector	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pangolin-testrail-connector	tag_library	connector
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pangolin-testrail-connector	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pangolin-testrail-connector	tag_library	connection
org.webjars.npm/getobject	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/getobject	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/getobject	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/getobject	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/getobject	tag_library	resources
struts/struts	tag_library	web-framework
org.webjars.bowergithub.tempusdominus/bootstrap-4	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.tempusdominus/bootstrap-4	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.tempusdominus/bootstrap-4	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.tempusdominus/bootstrap-4	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.tempusdominus/bootstrap-4	tag_library	bootstrap
org.apache.solr/solr-solrj	categorise_library	Search Engines
org.apache.solr/solr-solrj	tag_library	database
org.apache.solr/solr-solrj	tag_library	apache
org.apache.solr/solr-solrj	tag_library	engine
org.apache.solr/solr-solrj	tag_library	solr
org.apache.solr/solr-solrj	tag_library	search
com.xuxueli/xxl-job-core	categorise_library	Job Scheduling
com.xuxueli/xxl-job-core	tag_library	scheduling
com.xuxueli/xxl-job-core	tag_library	job
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zulip	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zulip	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zulip	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zulip	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ha	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ha	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ha	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ha	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zos-connector	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zos-connector	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zos-connector	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zos-connector	tag_library	connector
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zos-connector	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zos-connector	tag_library	connection
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nomad	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nomad	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nomad	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nomad	tag_library	jenkins
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	categorise_library	Object Serialization
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	format
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	binary
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	json
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	data
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	object
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	serialization
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	cbor
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	jackson
org.jboss.as/jboss-as-web	tag_library	web
org.jboss.as/jboss-as-web	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	socket
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	websocket
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	tomcat
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	security
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	crypto
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	encryption
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	jdk
org.apache.camel/camel-ahc	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-ahc	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gcm-notification	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gcm-notification	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gcm-notification	tag_library	notification
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gcm-notification	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gcm-notification	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-ad	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-ad	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-ad	tag_library	azure
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-ad	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-ad	tag_library	jenkins
org.mitre/openid-connect-common	categorise_library	OpenID Libraries
org.mitre/openid-connect-common	tag_library	authorization
org.mitre/openid-connect-common	tag_library	openid
org.mitre/openid-connect-common	tag_library	authentication
org.mitre/openid-connect-common	tag_library	connection
jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	webserver
jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	server
jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	jetty
jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	embedded
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crittercism-dsym	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crittercism-dsym	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crittercism-dsym	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crittercism-dsym	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins.findbugs/parent	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins.findbugs/parent	tag_library	analysis
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins.findbugs/parent	tag_library	findbugs
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-core	tag_library	alibaba
org.apache.ranger/unixauthservice	tag_library	apache
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-coreui-plugin	categorise_library	Nexus Plugins
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-coreui-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-coreui-plugin	tag_library	bundle
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-coreui-plugin	tag_library	nexus
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-coreui-plugin	tag_library	osgi
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/release	tag_library	plugin
org.springframework.data/spring-data-jpa	tag_library	persistence
org.springframework.data/spring-data-jpa	tag_library	data
org.springframework.data/spring-data-jpa	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.data/spring-data-jpa	tag_library	jpa
org.springframework.data/spring-data-jpa	tag_library	framework
com.sun.jersey/jersey-core	tag_library	webservice
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/puppet-enterprise-pipeline	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/puppet-enterprise-pipeline	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/puppet-enterprise-pipeline	tag_library	workflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/puppet-enterprise-pipeline	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/puppet-enterprise-pipeline	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/puppet-enterprise-pipeline	tag_library	jenkins
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	batch
org.apache.wicket/wicket-request	tag_library	request
org.apache.wicket/wicket-request	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wicket/wicket-request	tag_library	wicket
com.hazelcast/hazelcast-spring	tag_library	hazelcast
com.hazelcast/hazelcast-spring	tag_library	spring
javagh.jenkins/mashup-portlets-plugin	tag_library	plugin
javagh.jenkins/mashup-portlets-plugin	tag_library	portlet
javagh.jenkins/mashup-portlets-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/json-pointer	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/json-pointer	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/json-pointer	tag_library	json
org.webjars.npm/json-pointer	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/json-pointer	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/json-pointer	tag_library	resources
org.apache.camel/camel-groovy	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-groovy	tag_library	groovy
org.apache.camel/camel-groovy	tag_library	camel
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-naming	tag_library	alibaba
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-naming	tag_library	naming
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-dom	tag_library	security
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-dom	tag_library	dom
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-dom	tag_library	apache
it.infuse.jenkins/usemango-runner	tag_library	runner
it.infuse.jenkins/usemango-runner	tag_library	jenkins
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-netty	tag_library	micronaut
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-netty	tag_library	network
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-netty	tag_library	socket
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-netty	tag_library	netty
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-netty	tag_library	http
com.tupilabs.image_gallery/image-gallery	tag_library	image
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client	tag_library	osgi
org.wildfly/wildfly-undertow	tag_library	wildfly
org.wildfly/wildfly-undertow	tag_library	undertow
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M5	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	web
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	framework
org.jooby/jooby	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.jooby/jooby	tag_library	web
org.jooby/jooby	tag_library	framework
net.minidev/json-smart-mini	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.minidev/json-smart-mini	tag_library	format
net.minidev/json-smart-mini	tag_library	json
net.minidev/json-smart-mini	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.nifi/nifi-splunk-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-splunk-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-splunk-processors	tag_library	processor
org.apache.nifi/nifi-splunk-processors	tag_library	splunk
org.dom4j/dom4j	categorise_library	XML Processing
org.dom4j/dom4j	tag_library	dom
org.dom4j/dom4j	tag_library	xml
org.dom4j/dom4j	tag_library	processing
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M2	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M2	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M2	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M2	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M2	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper	categorise_library	Distributed Coordination
org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper	tag_library	coordination
org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper	tag_library	apache
org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper	tag_library	zookeeper
org.springframework/spring-context	categorise_library	Dependency Injection
org.springframework/spring-context	tag_library	context
org.springframework/spring-context	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-context	tag_library	dependency-injection
org.springframework/spring-context	tag_library	ioc
org.springframework/spring-context	tag_library	framework
io.provis/provisio-jenkins-runtime	tag_library	jenkins
io.provis/provisio-jenkins-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service	tag_library	context
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service	tag_library	ssl
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service	tag_library	service
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/node-forge	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/node-forge	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/node-forge	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/node-forge	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/node-forge	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/node-forge	tag_library	node
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security	tag_library	apache
com.mintegral.msdk/alphab	categorise_library	Android Packages
com.mintegral.msdk/alphab	tag_library	sdk
com.mintegral.msdk/alphab	tag_library	aar
com.mintegral.msdk/alphab	tag_library	mobile
com.mintegral.msdk/alphab	tag_library	android
org.infinispan/infinispan-compatibility-mode-it	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-compatibility-mode-it	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan/infinispan-compatibility-mode-it	tag_library	compatibility
org.grails/grails-plugin-controllers	tag_library	plugin
org.grails/grails-plugin-controllers	tag_library	groovy
org.grails/grails-plugin-controllers	tag_library	controller
org.grails/grails-plugin-controllers	tag_library	grails
org.apache.qpid/proton-j	tag_library	apache
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.1	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.1	tag_library	format
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.1	tag_library	json
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.1	tag_library	web-framework
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.1	tag_library	serialization
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.1	tag_library	scala
org.jruby/jruby-complete	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.jruby/jruby-complete	tag_library	jvm
org.jruby/jruby-complete	tag_library	bundle
org.jruby/jruby-complete	tag_library	language
org.jruby/jruby-complete	tag_library	ruby
org.jruby/jruby-complete	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojo	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojo	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojo	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojo	tag_library	resources
org.odata4j/odata4j-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.odata4j/odata4j-dist	tag_library	data
org.wildfly/wildfly-ejb3	tag_library	wildfly
org.wildfly/wildfly-ejb3	tag_library	ejb
org.jenkinsci.plugins/emailext-template	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkinsci.plugins/emailext-template	tag_library	template
org.webjars.bower/tinymce	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/tinymce	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/tinymce	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/tinymce	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	tag_library	csv
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib	tag_library	workflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib	tag_library	library
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib	tag_library	jenkins
org.opencastproject/opencast-userdirectory	tag_library	bundle
org.opencastproject/opencast-userdirectory	tag_library	opencast
org.opencastproject/opencast-userdirectory	tag_library	directory
org.opencastproject/opencast-userdirectory	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bower/globalize	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/globalize	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/globalize	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/globalize	tag_library	resources
org.cassandraunit/cassandra-unit	categorise_library	Cassandra Testing Tools
org.cassandraunit/cassandra-unit	tag_library	database
org.cassandraunit/cassandra-unit	tag_library	cassandra
org.cassandraunit/cassandra-unit	tag_library	testing
org.webjars/datatables	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/datatables	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/datatables	tag_library	data
org.webjars/datatables	tag_library	web
org.webjars/datatables	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/datatables	tag_library	table
com.datapipe.jenkins.plugins/hashicorp-vault-plugin	tag_library	plugin
com.datapipe.jenkins.plugins/hashicorp-vault-plugin	tag_library	hashicorp
com.datapipe.jenkins.plugins/hashicorp-vault-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
com.datapipe.jenkins.plugins/hashicorp-vault-plugin	tag_library	vault
net.sourceforge.htmlcleaner/htmlcleaner	categorise_library	HTML Parsers
net.sourceforge.htmlcleaner/htmlcleaner	tag_library	bundle
net.sourceforge.htmlcleaner/htmlcleaner	tag_library	parser
net.sourceforge.htmlcleaner/htmlcleaner	tag_library	dom
net.sourceforge.htmlcleaner/htmlcleaner	tag_library	html
net.sourceforge.htmlcleaner/htmlcleaner	tag_library	osgi
cprice404/pipeline-classpath	tag_library	classpath
cprice404/pipeline-classpath	tag_library	pipeline
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.auth.core	tag_library	authentication
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.auth.core	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/mquery	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mquery	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mquery	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mquery	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mquery	tag_library	resources
org.bedework.caleng/bw-calendar-engine-impl	tag_library	calendar
org.bedework.caleng/bw-calendar-engine-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.bedework.caleng/bw-calendar-engine-impl	tag_library	engine
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gearman-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gearman-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gearman-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gearman-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-kms	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-kms	tag_library	apache
org.apache.ant/ant	categorise_library	Build Tools
org.apache.ant/ant	tag_library	project
org.apache.ant/ant	tag_library	process
org.apache.ant/ant	tag_library	ant
org.apache.ant/ant	tag_library	tools
org.apache.ant/ant	tag_library	build
org.apache.ant/ant	tag_library	apache
org.restlet.jee/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	rest
org.restlet.jee/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	xml
org.restlet.jee/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	restlet
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-integration-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-integration-core	tag_library	integration
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-integration-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-integration-core	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-integration-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-integration-core	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	openapi
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	swagger
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	api
org.webjars/gifsicle	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/gifsicle	tag_library	web
org.webjars/gifsicle	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/gifsicle	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/bower	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/bower	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/bower	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/bower	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/bower	tag_library	resources
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	authentication
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	client
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xerces	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xerces	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xerces	tag_library	parser
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xerces	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xerces	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	dubbo
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	apache
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	http
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	rpc
org.apache.tika/tika-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.tika/tika-core	tag_library	tika
org.apache.tika/tika-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tika/tika-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	application
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	war
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	oidc
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	web
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-ioc	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-ioc	tag_library	apache
io.netty/netty-codec-http	categorise_library	Netty Codecs
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	network
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	socket
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	netty
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	codec
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	io
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	http
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	protocol
org.exist-db/exist-core	tag_library	database
org.webjars/lodash	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/lodash	tag_library	web
org.webjars/lodash	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/lodash	tag_library	resources
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.quartz	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.quartz	tag_library	scheduling
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.quartz	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.quartz	tag_library	quartz
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.quartz	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.quartz	tag_library	osgi
com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-core	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-core	tag_library	communication
com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-core	tag_library	distributed
com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-core	tag_library	remoting
com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-core	tag_library	rpc
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-dmf-api	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-dmf-api	tag_library	api
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-dmf-api	tag_library	starter
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-login	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-login	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-login	tag_library	google
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-login	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-login	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-login	tag_library	login
org.webjars.npm/elliptic	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/elliptic	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/elliptic	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/elliptic	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/elliptic	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/simple-travis-runner	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/simple-travis-runner	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/simple-travis-runner	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/simple-travis-runner	tag_library	runner
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/simple-travis-runner	tag_library	jenkins
com.igormaznitsa/mind-map-swing-panel	tag_library	panel
com.igormaznitsa/mind-map-swing-panel	tag_library	swing
com.igormaznitsa/mind-map-swing-panel	tag_library	ui
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	categorise_library	OAuth Libraries
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	tag_library	authorization
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	tag_library	authentication
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	tag_library	oauth
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database	tag_library	database
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database	tag_library	data
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database	tag_library	jenkins
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	categorise_library	Maven Plugins
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	tag_library	build-system
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	tag_library	maven
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	tag_library	kotlin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	tag_library	jetbrains
org.apache.tomee/openejb-client	tag_library	ejb
org.apache.tomee/openejb-client	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.tomee/openejb-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomee/openejb-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.tomee/openejb-client	tag_library	openejb
org.http4s/http4s-core_2.12	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
org.http4s/http4s-core_2.12	tag_library	http
org.http4s/http4s-core_2.12	tag_library	client
org.http4s/http4s-core_2.12	tag_library	network
org.springframework.data/spring-data-commons	tag_library	data
org.springframework.data/spring-data-commons	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.data/spring-data-commons	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.data/spring-data-commons	tag_library	commons
poi/poi	tag_library	poi
org.hibernate/hibernate-validator	categorise_library	Validation Libraries
org.hibernate/hibernate-validator	tag_library	hibernate
org.hibernate/hibernate-validator	tag_library	persistence
org.hibernate/hibernate-validator	tag_library	validation
commons-jelly/commons-jelly	tag_library	commons
commons-jelly/commons-jelly	tag_library	scripting
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.13	tag_library	http
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.13	tag_library	server
org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-scriptbuilder	tag_library	cloud
org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-scriptbuilder	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-app	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-app	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-app	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-app	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.qpid/proton-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.qpid/proton-api	tag_library	api
org.webjars.bower/mediaelement	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/mediaelement	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/mediaelement	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/mediaelement	tag_library	resources
org.apache.continuum/continuum-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.continuum/continuum-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j	tag_library	apache
org.apache.calcite/calcite-splunk	tag_library	apache
org.apache.calcite/calcite-splunk	tag_library	splunk
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui	tag_library	bundle
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui	tag_library	google
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui	tag_library	ui
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui	tag_library	jquery
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui	tag_library	wicket
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	categorise_library	Load Testing
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	tag_library	load
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	tag_library	testing
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	tag_library	jmeter
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	tag_library	metrics
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	tag_library	performance
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	tomcat
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/speaks	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.main/maven-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.main/maven-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.main/maven-plugin	tag_library	build-system
org.jenkins-ci.main/maven-plugin	tag_library	maven
org.jenkins-ci.main/maven-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.hudsonci.plugins/mercurial	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/mercurial	tag_library	scm
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	categorise_library	Mocking
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	tag_library	quality
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	tag_library	github
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	tag_library	mock
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	tag_library	mocking
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	tag_library	wiremock
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	tag_library	testing
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-reflect	categorise_library	Reflection Libraries
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-reflect	tag_library	reflection
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-reflect	tag_library	kotlin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-reflect	tag_library	jetbrains
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.guava	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.guava	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.guava	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.guava	tag_library	guava
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.guava	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	categorise_library	JDBC Drivers
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	database
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	sql
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	jdbc
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	driver
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	hive
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	rdbms
org.jboss.resteasy/tjws	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/tjws	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/tjws	tag_library	jboss
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cucumber-living-documentation	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cucumber-living-documentation	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cucumber-living-documentation	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cucumber-living-documentation	tag_library	doc
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cucumber-living-documentation	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cucumber-living-documentation	tag_library	cucumber
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-server	tag_library	server
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-server	tag_library	sonar
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.12	tag_library	http
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.12	tag_library	server
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	categorise_library	HBase Clients
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	tag_library	database
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	tag_library	databse
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	tag_library	hbase
org.apache.nifi/nifi-api	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-api	tag_library	api
org.jsoup/jsoup	categorise_library	HTML Parsers
org.jsoup/jsoup	tag_library	jsoup
org.jsoup/jsoup	tag_library	html
org.jsoup/jsoup	tag_library	parser
org.jsoup/jsoup	tag_library	dom
org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core	tag_library	http
org.webjars/marked	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/marked	tag_library	web
org.webjars/marked	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/marked	tag_library	resources
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	categorise_library	Stream Processing
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	tag_library	processing
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	tag_library	apache
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	tag_library	stream
taglibs/standard	categorise_library	JSP Tag Libraries
taglibs/standard	tag_library	jsp
taglibs/standard	tag_library	taglibs
taglibs/standard	tag_library	taglib
taglibs/standard	tag_library	library
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.13	tag_library	actor
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.13	tag_library	akka
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.13	tag_library	distributed
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.13	tag_library	concurrency
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.13	tag_library	session
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.13	tag_library	http
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-embedded	tag_library	embedded
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-embedded	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-embedded	tag_library	spring
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-embedded	tag_library	cache
org.onosproject/onos-core-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gogs-webhook	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gogs-webhook	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gogs-webhook	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gogs-webhook	tag_library	web
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gogs-webhook	tag_library	webhook
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gogs-webhook	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/embeddable-build-status	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/embeddable-build-status	tag_library	embedded
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/embeddable-build-status	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/embeddable-build-status	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/embeddable-build-status	tag_library	jenkins
org.eclipse.milo/sdk-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.milo/sdk-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.milo/sdk-server	tag_library	sdk
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager	tag_library	server
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager	tag_library	yarn
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager	tag_library	apache
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC2	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC2	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC2	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC2	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC2	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.sparkjava-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.sparkjava-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.sparkjava-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.sparkjava-core	tag_library	osgi
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-plugin-api	tag_library	plugin
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-plugin-api	tag_library	sonar
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-plugin-api	tag_library	api
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gatling	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gatling	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gatling	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gatling	tag_library	gatling
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gatling	tag_library	jenkins
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-core	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-core	tag_library	gateway
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-core	tag_library	cloud
org.eclipse.paho/org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3	categorise_library	Eclipse Plugins
org.eclipse.paho/org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3	tag_library	plugin
org.eclipse.paho/org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.paho/org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3	tag_library	client
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	jira
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	management
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.kafka/kafka-tools	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/kafka-tools	tag_library	tools
org.apache.kafka/kafka-tools	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/kafka-tools	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	tag_library	react
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	tag_library	dom
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	tag_library	resources
net.sf.robocode/robocode.api	tag_library	api
org.webjars.bower/thrift	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/thrift	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/thrift	tag_library	serialization
org.webjars.bower/thrift	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/thrift	tag_library	thrift
org.webjars.bower/thrift	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/thrift	tag_library	protocol
org.keycloak/keycloak-common	tag_library	keycloak
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-auth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-auth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-auth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-auth	tag_library	matrix
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-auth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-auth	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ci-game	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ci-game	tag_library	gaming
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-security	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-security	tag_library	framework
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-security	tag_library	apache
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-security	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lookup-services	tag_library	lookup
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lookup-services	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lookup-services	tag_library	service
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lookup-services	tag_library	apache
org.keycloak/keycloak-broker-saml	tag_library	security
org.keycloak/keycloak-broker-saml	tag_library	saml
org.keycloak/keycloak-broker-saml	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-broker-saml	tag_library	broker
org.apache.log4j/com.springsource.org.apache.log4j	tag_library	logging
org.apache.log4j/com.springsource.org.apache.log4j	tag_library	log4j
org.apache.log4j/com.springsource.org.apache.log4j	tag_library	spring
org.apache.log4j/com.springsource.org.apache.log4j	tag_library	apache
com.mchange/c3p0	categorise_library	JDBC Pools
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	database
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	sql
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	jdbc
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	pooling
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	pool
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	c3p0
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	connection
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	datasource
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-all	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-all	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-all	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-all	tag_library	openjpa
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oauth-core-api	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oauth-core-api	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oauth-core-api	tag_library	authentication
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oauth-core-api	tag_library	api
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oauth-core-api	tag_library	oauth
io.fabric8.pipeline/kubernetes-pipeline-arquillian-steps	tag_library	kubernetes
io.fabric8.pipeline/kubernetes-pipeline-arquillian-steps	tag_library	pipeline
io.fabric8.pipeline/kubernetes-pipeline-arquillian-steps	tag_library	arquillian
com.sonyericsson.hudson.plugins.gerrit/gerrit-trigger	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nerrvana-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nerrvana-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nerrvana-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nerrvana-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.dojotoolkit/dojo-war	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.dojotoolkit/dojo-war	tag_library	application
org.dojotoolkit/dojo-war	tag_library	war
org.dojotoolkit/dojo-war	tag_library	web
org.dojotoolkit/dojo-war	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	server
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dependency-check-jenkins-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dependency-check-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dependency-check-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dependency-check-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dependency-check-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	dependencies
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mongodb	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mongodb	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mongodb	tag_library	database
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mongodb	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mongodb	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mongodb	tag_library	mongodb
org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-client	tag_library	designer
org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-client	tag_library	bpm
org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-client	tag_library	client
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/favorite	tag_library	plugin
org.codehaus.plexus/plexus-archiver	tag_library	codehaus
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudfoundry	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudfoundry	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudfoundry	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudfoundry	tag_library	jenkins
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-yum-repository-plugin	categorise_library	Nexus Plugins
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-yum-repository-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-yum-repository-plugin	tag_library	bundle
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-yum-repository-plugin	tag_library	repository
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-yum-repository-plugin	tag_library	nexus
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-yum-repository-plugin	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bower/dompurify	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/dompurify	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/dompurify	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/dompurify	tag_library	resources
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/android-lint	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/android-lint	tag_library	lint
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/android-lint	tag_library	android
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty9	tag_library	server
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty9	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty9	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty9	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty9	tag_library	camel
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	logging
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	parser
org.eclipse.milo/stack-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.milo/stack-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.milo/stack-server	tag_library	stack
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.milo/stack-client	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.milo/stack-client	tag_library	client
org.eclipse.milo/stack-client	tag_library	stack
org.apache.archiva/archiva-web-common	tag_library	web
org.apache.archiva/archiva-web-common	tag_library	apache
org.jruby/jruby	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.jruby/jruby	tag_library	ruby
org.jruby/jruby	tag_library	jvm
org.jruby/jruby	tag_library	language
org.richfaces.framework/richfaces-impl	tag_library	framework
org.richfaces.framework/richfaces-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.solr/solr-cell	tag_library	apache
org.apache.solr/solr-cell	tag_library	solr
org.apache.solr/solr-cell	tag_library	search
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jackson2-provider	tag_library	provider
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jackson2-provider	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jackson2-provider	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jackson2-provider	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jackson2-provider	tag_library	jackson
com.inflectra.spiratest.plugins/inflectra-spira-integration	tag_library	plugin
com.inflectra.spiratest.plugins/inflectra-spira-integration	tag_library	integration
org.onosproject/onos-providers-netconf-alarm	tag_library	network
org.onosproject/onos-providers-netconf-alarm	tag_library	provider
org.onosproject/onos-providers-netconf-alarm	tag_library	config
org.graylog/graylog-parent	tag_library	logging
org.graylog/graylog-parent	tag_library	graylog
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl	tag_library	format
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl	tag_library	json
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl	tag_library	serialization
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl	tag_library	jackson
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl	tag_library	codehaus
org.webjars.bowergithub.thomaspark/bootswatch	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.thomaspark/bootswatch	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.thomaspark/bootswatch	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.thomaspark/bootswatch	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin	tag_library	proxy
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/angular	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/angular	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/angular	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/angular	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/angular	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/angular	tag_library	resources
com.couchbase.client/core-io	tag_library	database
com.couchbase.client/core-io	tag_library	bundle
com.couchbase.client/core-io	tag_library	client
com.couchbase.client/core-io	tag_library	io
com.couchbase.client/core-io	tag_library	couchbase
com.couchbase.client/core-io	tag_library	osgi
org.cometd.java/cometd-java-oort	tag_library	cometd
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	tag_library	scm
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	tag_library	git
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	tag_library	resources
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	categorise_library	Distributed File Systems
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	filesystem
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	storage
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	hdfs
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	categorise_library	Eclipse Plugins
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	browser
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	eclipse
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	directory
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.c3p0	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.c3p0	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.c3p0	tag_library	pooling
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.c3p0	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.c3p0	tag_library	c3p0
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.c3p0	tag_library	osgi
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-zip	tag_library	zip
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-zip	tag_library	integration
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-zip	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-zip	tag_library	framework
com.github.blynkkk/blynk-server	tag_library	github
com.github.blynkkk/blynk-server	tag_library	server
org.webjars/prismjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/prismjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/prismjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/prismjs	tag_library	resources
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	categorise_library	Code Analyzers
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	tag_library	quality
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	tag_library	analyzer
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	tag_library	style
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	tag_library	tools
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	tag_library	code
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	tag_library	analysis
com.sun.xml.ws/webservices-rt	tag_library	service
com.sun.xml.ws/webservices-rt	tag_library	web
com.sun.xml.ws/webservices-rt	tag_library	xml
com.sun.xml.ws/webservices-rt	tag_library	webservice
commons-collections/commons-collections	categorise_library	Collections
commons-collections/commons-collections	tag_library	commons
commons-collections/commons-collections	tag_library	collections
commons-collections/commons-collections	tag_library	structures
commons-collections/commons-collections	tag_library	data
geronimo/geronimo-tomcat	tag_library	webserver
geronimo/geronimo-tomcat	tag_library	server
geronimo/geronimo-tomcat	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	tag_library	aws
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	tag_library	amazon
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	tag_library	credentials
org.apache.druid/druid-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.druid/druid-server	tag_library	apache
org.apache.druid/druid-server	tag_library	druid
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	rest
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	jaxrs
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/maven-artifact-choicelistprovider	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/maven-artifact-choicelistprovider	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/maven-artifact-choicelistprovider	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/maven-artifact-choicelistprovider	tag_library	build-system
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/maven-artifact-choicelistprovider	tag_library	maven
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/maven-artifact-choicelistprovider	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/cryptiles	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/cryptiles	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/cryptiles	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/cryptiles	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/cryptiles	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/skytap	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/skytap	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/skytap	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/skytap	tag_library	jenkins
org.glassfish.soteria/javax.security.enterprise	tag_library	bundle
org.glassfish.soteria/javax.security.enterprise	tag_library	security
org.glassfish.soteria/javax.security.enterprise	tag_library	glassfish
org.glassfish.soteria/javax.security.enterprise	tag_library	javax
org.glassfish.soteria/javax.security.enterprise	tag_library	osgi
org.springframework/spring-framework-bom	categorise_library	Bill of materials
org.springframework/spring-framework-bom	tag_library	bom
org.springframework/spring-framework-bom	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-framework-bom	tag_library	build
org.springframework/spring-framework-bom	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-framework-bom	tag_library	dependencies
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonargraph-integration	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonargraph-integration	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonargraph-integration	tag_library	integration
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonargraph-integration	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonargraph-integration	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/robot	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/robot	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/robot	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/robot	tag_library	robot
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/robot	tag_library	bot
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/robot	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.xss	tag_library	apache
de.taimos/pipeline-aws	tag_library	aws
de.taimos/pipeline-aws	tag_library	amazon
de.taimos/pipeline-aws	tag_library	pipeline
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	server
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	osgi
io.projectreactor.ipc/reactor-netty	tag_library	network
io.projectreactor.ipc/reactor-netty	tag_library	socket
io.projectreactor.ipc/reactor-netty	tag_library	ipc
io.projectreactor.ipc/reactor-netty	tag_library	reactor
io.projectreactor.ipc/reactor-netty	tag_library	netty
org.glassfish/javax.faces	tag_library	glassfish
org.glassfish/javax.faces	tag_library	javax
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-maven-plugin	tag_library	plugin
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-maven-plugin	tag_library	build
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-maven-plugin	tag_library	build-system
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-maven-plugin	tag_library	maven
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.11	tag_library	actor
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.11	tag_library	akka
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.11	tag_library	distributed
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.11	tag_library	concurrency
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.11	tag_library	session
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.11	tag_library	http
org.webjars.npm/mediaelement	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mediaelement	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mediaelement	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mediaelement	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mediaelement	tag_library	resources
io.ktor/ktor	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor	tag_library	kotlin
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ognl	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ognl	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ognl	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ognl	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-ui	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-ui	tag_library	ui
bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	jdk
com.inversoft/prime-jwt	tag_library	jwt
org.apache.hbase/hbase-rest	tag_library	database
org.apache.hbase/hbase-rest	tag_library	rest
org.apache.hbase/hbase-rest	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hbase/hbase-rest	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hbase/hbase-rest	tag_library	hbase
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-extdirect	tag_library	bundle
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-extdirect	tag_library	osgi
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.10	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.10	tag_library	play-framework
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	communication
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	broker
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	message
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl-ee6	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl-ee6	tag_library	module
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl-ee6	tag_library	deltaspike
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl-ee6	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl-ee6	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-logic	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-custom-ui-utilities	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-custom-ui-utilities	tag_library	ui
org.apache.nifi/nifi-custom-ui-utilities	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.social/spring-social-core	categorise_library	Social Network Clients
org.springframework.social/spring-social-core	tag_library	network
org.springframework.social/spring-social-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.social/spring-social-core	tag_library	social
org.springframework.social/spring-social-core	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.social/spring-social-core	tag_library	client
org.hudsonci.plugins/translation	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/translation	tag_library	translation
com.elasticbox.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox	tag_library	plugin
com.elasticbox.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/momentjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/momentjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/momentjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/momentjs	tag_library	resources
org.apache.flex.blazeds/blazeds	tag_library	apache
org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-jdbc	tag_library	database
org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-jdbc	tag_library	sql
org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-jdbc	tag_library	jdbc
org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-jdbc	tag_library	jboss
org.webjars.npm/sockjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/sockjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/sockjs	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/sockjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/sockjs	tag_library	resources
org.kie.server/kie-server-services-common	tag_library	server
org.kie.server/kie-server-services-common	tag_library	service
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-client	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-client	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-client	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-client	tag_library	client
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-client	tag_library	jetty
org.keycloak/keycloak-forms-common-themes	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-forms-common-themes	tag_library	forms
org.keycloak/keycloak-forms-common-themes	tag_library	theme
com.linkedin.azkaban/azkaban-common	tag_library	linkedin
com.icthh.xm.commons/xm-commons-migration-db	tag_library	database
com.icthh.xm.commons/xm-commons-migration-db	tag_library	commons
com.icthh.xm.commons/xm-commons-migration-db	tag_library	migration
org.webjars.bower/moment	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/moment	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/moment	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/moment	tag_library	resources
org.apache.shiro/shiro-crypto-cipher	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.shiro/shiro-crypto-cipher	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-crypto-cipher	tag_library	cryptography
org.apache.shiro/shiro-crypto-cipher	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-crypto-cipher	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro/shiro-crypto-cipher	tag_library	osgi
org.springframework/spring-web	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.springframework/spring-web	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-web	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-web	tag_library	web
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crx-content-package-deployer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crx-content-package-deployer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crx-content-package-deployer	tag_library	deployment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crx-content-package-deployer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crx-content-package-deployer	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.qc/hp-quality-center	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.qc/hp-quality-center	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.qc/hp-quality-center	tag_library	quality
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.qc/hp-quality-center	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.qc/hp-quality-center	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml	tag_library	xml
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.heron/heron-storm	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-all	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-all	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-all	tag_library	shiro
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.0-1	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.0-1	tag_library	format
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.0-1	tag_library	json
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.0-1	tag_library	web-framework
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.0-1	tag_library	serialization
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.0-1	tag_library	scala
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	openapi
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	swagger
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	api
com.kitfox.svg/svg-salamander	categorise_library	SVG Libraries
com.kitfox.svg/svg-salamander	tag_library	svg
com.kitfox.svg/svg-salamander	tag_library	vector
com.kitfox.svg/svg-salamander	tag_library	xml
com.kitfox.svg/svg-salamander	tag_library	graphics
org.apache.camel/camel-robotframework	tag_library	framework
org.apache.camel/camel-robotframework	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-robotframework	tag_library	camel
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web	tag_library	osgi
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-studio	tag_library	database
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-studio	tag_library	orientdb
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jsgames	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jsgames	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jsgames	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jsgames	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	tag_library	plotly
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	tag_library	chart
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-el	tag_library	embedded
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-el	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-el	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-el	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-el	tag_library	tomcat
org.webjars.npm/object-path	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/object-path	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/object-path	tag_library	path
org.webjars.npm/object-path	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/object-path	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/object-path	tag_library	resources
com.madgag.spongycastle/bctls-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.infinispan.server/infinispan-server-endpoints	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan.server/infinispan-server-endpoints	tag_library	server
org.infinispan.server/infinispan-server-endpoints	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan.server/infinispan-server-endpoints	tag_library	endpoint
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/job-dsl	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/job-dsl	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/job-dsl	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/job-dsl	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/job-dsl	tag_library	dsl
tomcat/catalina	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/catalina	tag_library	server
tomcat/catalina	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	categorise_library	JDBC Drivers
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	tag_library	database
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	tag_library	sql
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	tag_library	jdbc
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	tag_library	driver
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	tag_library	apache
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	tag_library	rdbms
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.11	tag_library	jmx
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.11	tag_library	monitoring
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.11	tag_library	flink
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.11	tag_library	apache
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.11	tag_library	metrics
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/port-allocator	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/port-allocator	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/port-allocator	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/port-allocator	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.atlas/atlas-common	tag_library	apache
net.arangamani.jenkins/gem-publisher	tag_library	publisher
net.arangamani.jenkins/gem-publisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-core	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-core	tag_library	apache
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.functionblock.ide	categorise_library	Eclipse Plugins
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.functionblock.ide	tag_library	plugin
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.functionblock.ide	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.functionblock.ide	tag_library	ide
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.functionblock.ide	tag_library	editor
org.apache.kafka/kafka	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	communication
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	queue
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	broker
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	apache
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	message
org.webjars.npm/extend	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/extend	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/extend	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/extend	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/extend	tag_library	resources
com.github.redfish4ktc.soapui/soapui	tag_library	github
com.github.redfish4ktc.soapui/soapui	tag_library	testing
com.github.redfish4ktc.soapui/soapui	tag_library	api
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	categorise_library	Distributed Computing
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	tag_library	computing
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	tag_library	apache
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	tag_library	parallel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/description-column-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/description-column-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/description-column-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/description-column-plugin	tag_library	column
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/description-column-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	tag_library	jwt
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	tag_library	resources
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot-loader-tools	tag_library	loader
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot-loader-tools	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot-loader-tools	tag_library	tools
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot-loader-tools	tag_library	framework
org.webjars.npm/json-bigint	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/json-bigint	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/json-bigint	tag_library	json
org.webjars.npm/json-bigint	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/json-bigint	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/json-bigint	tag_library	resources
de.eacg/ecs-publisher	tag_library	publisher
xml-security/xmlsec	tag_library	xml
xml-security/xmlsec	tag_library	security
org.apache.commons/commons-compress	categorise_library	Compression Libraries
org.apache.commons/commons-compress	tag_library	compression
org.apache.commons/commons-compress	tag_library	data
org.apache.commons/commons-compress	tag_library	apache
org.apache.commons/commons-compress	tag_library	commons
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	queue
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	messaging
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	amqp
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	client
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	message
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-core-services-api	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-core-services-api	tag_library	service
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-core-services-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.esapi	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.esapi	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.esapi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.esapi	tag_library	osgi
com.ztbsuper/dingding-notifications	tag_library	notification
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.10	tag_library	http
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.10	tag_library	server
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-websocket-client	tag_library	socket
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-websocket-client	tag_library	server
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-websocket-client	tag_library	websocket
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-websocket-client	tag_library	web
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-websocket-client	tag_library	client
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-websocket-client	tag_library	controller
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib	tag_library	jvm
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib	tag_library	language
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib	tag_library	library
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib	tag_library	kotlin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib	tag_library	jetbrains
org.pac4j/pac4j-oidc	tag_library	security
org.pac4j/pac4j-oidc	tag_library	oidc
tomcat/tomcat-http11	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat-http11	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat-http11	tag_library	tomcat
tomcat/tomcat-http11	tag_library	http
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix-hystrix-dashboard	tag_library	dashboard
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix-hystrix-dashboard	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix-hystrix-dashboard	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix-hystrix-dashboard	tag_library	netflix
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix-hystrix-dashboard	tag_library	cloud
io.spray/spray-json_2.11	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.11	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.11	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.11	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.11	tag_library	serialization
org.springframework.ws/spring-ws	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.ws/spring-ws	tag_library	framework
com.google.gerrit/gerrit-plugin-api	tag_library	plugin
com.google.gerrit/gerrit-plugin-api	tag_library	google
com.google.gerrit/gerrit-plugin-api	tag_library	api
org.webjars.npm/reveal.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/reveal.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/reveal.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/reveal.js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/reveal.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/reveal.js	tag_library	javascript
org.springframework/spring-webflux	tag_library	webflux
org.springframework/spring-webflux	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-webflux	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-webflux	tag_library	web
com.ctrip.framework.apollo/apollo	tag_library	framework
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-otp-mfa-core	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-otp-mfa-core	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-otp-mfa-core	tag_library	mfa
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M3	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	web
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	framework
org.webjars.bower/tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	bootstrap
org.apache.directory.api/apache-ldap-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.api/apache-ldap-api	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.directory.api/apache-ldap-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.directory.api/apache-ldap-api	tag_library	directory
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M3	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.camel/camel-jacksonxml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jacksonxml	tag_library	jackson
org.apache.camel/camel-jacksonxml	tag_library	camel
org.wso2.carbon/org.wso2.carbon.ui	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon/org.wso2.carbon.ui	tag_library	ui
org.wso2.carbon/org.wso2.carbon.ui	tag_library	osgi
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15	tag_library	jdk
org.wildfly/wildfly-parent	tag_library	wildfly
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	path
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	json
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	transformation
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	jsonpath
com.liferay.portal/release.dxp.bom	tag_library	bom
com.liferay.portal/release.dxp.bom	tag_library	portal
com.liferay.portal/release.dxp.bom	tag_library	liferay
com.github.binarywang/weixin-java-common	tag_library	github
org.apache.poi/poi-ooxml	tag_library	poi
org.apache.poi/poi-ooxml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.poi/poi-ooxml	tag_library	xml
org.liquibase/liquibase-core	categorise_library	DB Migration Tools
org.liquibase/liquibase-core	tag_library	liquibase
org.liquibase/liquibase-core	tag_library	jdbc
org.liquibase/liquibase-core	tag_library	database
org.liquibase/liquibase-core	tag_library	migration
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	tag_library	gitlab
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	tag_library	oauth
org.eclipse.vorto/generator-runner	tag_library	generator
org.eclipse.vorto/generator-runner	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.vorto/generator-runner	tag_library	runner
io.arrow-kt/arrow-ank-gradle	tag_library	build
io.arrow-kt/arrow-ank-gradle	tag_library	build-system
io.arrow-kt/arrow-ank-gradle	tag_library	gradle
io.arrow-kt/arrow-ank-gradle	tag_library	groovy
io.arrow-kt/arrow-ank-gradle	tag_library	arrow
org.apache.karaf/karaf	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf/karaf	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.karaf/karaf	tag_library	karaf
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/promoted-builds	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-tls	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-tls	tag_library	tools
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-tls	tag_library	tls
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-tls	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-tls	tag_library	toolkit
org.webjars.npm/github-com-moment-moment	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-moment-moment	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-moment-moment	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-moment-moment	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-moment-moment	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-moment-moment	tag_library	resources
com.github.junrar/junrar	tag_library	github
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util-scan	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util-scan	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util-scan	tag_library	scanning
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util-scan	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util-scan	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.activemq/activemq-optional	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-optional	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-optional	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-optional	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bower/messageformat	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/messageformat	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/messageformat	tag_library	format
org.webjars.bower/messageformat	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/messageformat	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/semantic-versioning-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/semantic-versioning-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/semantic-versioning-plugin	tag_library	versioning
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/semantic-versioning-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/semantic-versioning-plugin	tag_library	version
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/semantic-versioning-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.myfaces.core.internal/myfaces-impl-shared	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.core.internal/myfaces-impl-shared	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.myfaces.core.internal/myfaces-impl-shared	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-security	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-security	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-security	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-security	tag_library	osgi
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.lcm	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.lcm	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	spring
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	starter
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient	tag_library	network
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient	tag_library	apache
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient	tag_library	client
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/perfectomobile	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/perfectomobile	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/perfectomobile	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/perfectomobile	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/jquery	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/jquery	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/jquery	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/jquery	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/jquery	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/jquery	tag_library	jquery
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common	categorise_library	Language Runtime
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common	tag_library	language
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common	tag_library	library
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common	tag_library	kotlin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common	tag_library	runtime
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common	tag_library	jetbrains
org.apache.druid/druid-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.druid/druid-core	tag_library	druid
io.quarkus.resteasy.reactive/resteasy-reactive-vertx	tag_library	quarkus
io.quarkus.resteasy.reactive/resteasy-reactive-vertx	tag_library	rest
io.quarkus.resteasy.reactive/resteasy-reactive-vertx	tag_library	reactive
io.quarkus.resteasy.reactive/resteasy-reactive-vertx	tag_library	resteasy
io.quarkus.resteasy.reactive/resteasy-reactive-vertx	tag_library	vertx
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	tag_library	provider
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	tag_library	config
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	tag_library	file
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	tag_library	jenkins
org.mock-server/mockserver	tag_library	mock
org.mock-server/mockserver	tag_library	server
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-core-common	tag_library	sharding
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-core-common	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.security/spring-security-cas	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-cas	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-cas	tag_library	framework
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/snsnotify	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/snsnotify	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/snsnotify	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/snsnotify	tag_library	jenkins
ro.pippo/pippo-session	tag_library	session
org.webjars/whet.extend	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/whet.extend	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/whet.extend	tag_library	web
org.webjars/whet.extend	tag_library	resources
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	web
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	webapp
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlets	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlets	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlets	tag_library	servlet
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlets	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlets	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	lucene
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	parser
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	query
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	index
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-ddi-api	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-ddi-api	tag_library	api
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-ddi-api	tag_library	starter
com.floragunn/search-guard-kibana-plugin	tag_library	plugin
com.floragunn/search-guard-kibana-plugin	tag_library	search
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.1	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.1	tag_library	format
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.1	tag_library	json
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.1	tag_library	web-framework
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.1	tag_library	serialization
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.1	tag_library	scala
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/jVinci	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.uima/jVinci	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/jVinci	tag_library	osgi
com.squareup.retrofit2/retrofit	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.squareup.retrofit2/retrofit	tag_library	retrofit
com.squareup.retrofit2/retrofit	tag_library	http
com.squareup.retrofit2/retrofit	tag_library	client
com.squareup.retrofit2/retrofit	tag_library	network
org.apache.directory.api/api-all	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.api/api-all	tag_library	api
org.apache.directory.api/api-all	tag_library	directory
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client-api	tag_library	client
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client-api	tag_library	api
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client-api	tag_library	asynchronous
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client-api	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-multijob-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-multijob-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-multijob-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-multijob-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf	categorise_library	OSGi Containers
org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf	tag_library	runtime
org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf	tag_library	containe
org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf	tag_library	osgi
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/perforce	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.santuario/xmlsec	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.santuario/xmlsec	tag_library	security
org.apache.santuario/xmlsec	tag_library	apache
org.apache.santuario/xmlsec	tag_library	xml
org.apache.santuario/xmlsec	tag_library	osgi
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-scim	tag_library	identity
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-cxf	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-cxf	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-cxf	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-cxf	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/pouchdb-find	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/pouchdb-find	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/pouchdb-find	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/pouchdb-find	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/pouchdb-find	tag_library	resources
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	jmx
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	monitoring
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	remote
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	tomcat
io.fabric8/fabric8-maven-plugin-core	tag_library	plugin
io.fabric8/fabric8-maven-plugin-core	tag_library	build
io.fabric8/fabric8-maven-plugin-core	tag_library	build-system
io.fabric8/fabric8-maven-plugin-core	tag_library	maven
org.apache.syncope.client/syncope-client-enduser	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope.client/syncope-client-enduser	tag_library	client
org.drools/droolsjbpm-integration	tag_library	rule-engine
org.drools/droolsjbpm-integration	tag_library	integration
org.drools/droolsjbpm-integration	tag_library	bpm
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-impl	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-impl	tag_library	apache
org.apache.iotdb/iotdb-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.iotdb/iotdb-server	tag_library	iot
org.apache.iotdb/iotdb-server	tag_library	apache
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	categorise_library	Web Applications
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	tag_library	application
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	tag_library	war
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	tag_library	portal
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	tag_library	web
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	tag_library	webapp
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	tag_library	liferay
org.webjars/adm-zip	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/adm-zip	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/adm-zip	tag_library	zip
org.webjars/adm-zip	tag_library	web
org.webjars/adm-zip	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat	tag_library	resources
CVE-2016-2141	affect_library	jgroups/jgroups-all
CVE-2016-2141	affect_library	jgroups/jgroups
CVE-2016-2141	affect_library	org.jgroups/jgroups
CVE-2016-2141	affect_product	redhat jgroups
CVE-2020-25820	affect_library	org.freeswitch.esl.client/java-esl-client
CVE-2020-25820	affect_product	bigbluebutton bigbluebutton
CVE-2020-25820	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2020-2167	affect_library	com.openshift.jenkins/openshift-pipeline
CVE-2020-2167	affect_product	jenkins openshift_pipeline
CVE-2020-2167	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-7729	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/FlipClock
CVE-2020-7729	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/floatthead
CVE-2020-7729	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/grunt
CVE-2020-7729	affect_product	gruntjs grunt
CVE-2020-7729	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-7729	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2020-7729	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1188
CVE-2014-1904	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.web.servlet
CVE-2014-1904	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc
CVE-2014-1904	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-webmvc
CVE-2014-1904	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_framework
CVE-2014-1904	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2011-3923	affect_library	com.opensymphony/xwork-core
CVE-2011-3923	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2011-3923	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2011-3923	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2011-3923	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_web_server
CVE-2011-3923	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-732
CVE-2020-2303	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory
CVE-2020-2303	affect_product	jenkins active_directory
CVE-2020-2303	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-17837	affect_library	org.apache.deltaspike.modules/jsf-module-project
CVE-2017-17837	affect_library	org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl-ee6
CVE-2017-17837	affect_library	org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl
CVE-2017-17837	affect_product	apache deltaspike
CVE-2017-17837	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10420	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla
CVE-2019-10420	affect_product	jenkins assembla
CVE-2019-10420	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10240	affect_library	org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-parent
CVE-2019-10240	affect_library	org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter
CVE-2019-10240	affect_library	org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-update-server
CVE-2019-10240	affect_library	org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-starters
CVE-2019-10240	affect_library	org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-api
CVE-2019-10240	affect_library	org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-ui
CVE-2019-10240	affect_library	org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-ui
CVE-2019-10240	affect_library	org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-dmf-api
CVE-2019-10240	affect_library	org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-autoconfigure
CVE-2019-10240	affect_library	org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-ddi-api
CVE-2019-10240	affect_product	eclipse hawkbit
CVE-2019-10240	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2014-1202	affect_library	org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server
CVE-2014-1202	affect_library	com.github.redfish4ktc.soapui/soapui
CVE-2014-1202	affect_product	eviware soapui
CVE-2014-1202	affect_product	smartbear soapui
CVE-2014-1202	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2019-14262	affect_library	com.drewnoakes/metadata-extractor
CVE-2019-14262	affect_product	metadataextractor_project metadataextractor
CVE-2019-14262	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2010-2076	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs
CVE-2010-2076	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle
CVE-2010-2076	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal
CVE-2010-2076	affect_library	org.apache.axis2/axis2-kernel
CVE-2010-2076	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap
CVE-2010-2076	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-common-utilities
CVE-2010-2076	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2010-2076	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-829
CVE-2017-7667	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-jetty
CVE-2017-7667	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2017-7667	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-346
CVE-2015-1830	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver
CVE-2015-1830	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/apache-activemq
CVE-2015-1830	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2017-1000406	affect_library	org.opendaylight.aaa/aaa-cli
CVE-2017-1000406	affect_product	opendaylight karaf
CVE-2014-3681	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-3681	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2014-3681	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2014-3681	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-7662	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-cxf
CVE-2017-7662	affect_product	apache cxf_fediz
CVE-2017-7662	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2016-3727	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2016-3727	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2016-3727	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2016-3727	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-14967	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jsrsasign
CVE-2020-14967	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.kjur/jsrsasign
CVE-2020-14967	affect_product	jsrsasign_project jsrsasign
CVE-2020-14967	affect_product	netapp max_data
CVE-2020-14967	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2012-3428	affect_library	org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-jdbc
CVE-2012-3428	affect_library	org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-deployers-common
CVE-2012-3428	affect_product	jboss ironjacamar
CVE-2012-5055	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2012-5055	affect_product	vmware springsource_spring_security
CVE-2012-5055	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-11651	affect_library	org.graylog2/graylog2-server
CVE-2018-11651	affect_product	graylog graylog
CVE-2018-11651	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-8738	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2016-8738	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2016-8738	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-1937	affect_library	org.apache.kylin/kylin-server-base
CVE-2020-1937	affect_product	apache kylin
CVE-2020-1937	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2020-2196	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/selenium
CVE-2020-2196	affect_product	jenkins selenium
CVE-2020-2196	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2021-43797	affect_library	io.netty/netty-all
CVE-2021-43797	affect_library	io.netty/netty-codec-http
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	netty netty
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	oracle coherence
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_security_edge_protection_proxy
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	oracle banking_party_management
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	oracle communications_design_studio
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_slice_selection_function
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	oracle helidon
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	oracle banking_deposits_and_lines_of_credit_servicing
CVE-2021-43797	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-43797	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2015-6584	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/datatables
CVE-2015-6584	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/datatables
CVE-2015-6584	affect_library	org.webjars/datatables
CVE-2015-6584	affect_product	sprymedia datatables
CVE-2015-6584	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-17561	affect_library	org.netbeans.api/org-netbeans-modules-autoupdate-services
CVE-2019-17561	affect_product	apache netbeans
CVE-2019-17561	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2019-17561	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-347
CVE-2022-24197	affect_library	com.itextpdf/kernel
CVE-2022-24197	affect_product	itextpdf itext
CVE-2022-24197	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-787
CVE-2018-17186	affect_library	org.apache.syncope/syncope-core
CVE-2018-17186	affect_library	org.apache.syncope.client/syncope-client-console
CVE-2018-17186	affect_product	apache syncope
CVE-2018-17186	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-1000397	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/maven-plugin
CVE-2017-1000397	affect_product	jenkins maven
CVE-2017-1000397	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-1260	affect_library	org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2
CVE-2018-1260	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_security_oauth
CVE-2018-1260	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2019-10335	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/electricflow
CVE-2019-10335	affect_product	jenkins electricflow
CVE-2019-10335	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-19361	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2018-19361	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2018-19361	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-19361	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2018-19361	affect_product	oracle primavera_p6_enterprise_project_portfolio_management
CVE-2018-19361	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2018-19361	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2018-19361	affect_product	oracle retail_workforce_management_software
CVE-2018-19361	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-19361	affect_product	redhat jboss_bpm_suite
CVE-2018-19361	affect_product	redhat jboss_brms
CVE-2018-19361	affect_product	redhat automation_manager
CVE-2018-19361	affect_product	redhat decision_manager
CVE-2018-19361	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2016-6794	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2016-6794	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2016-6794	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2016-6794	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2016-6794	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util-scan
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_desktop
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_workstation
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_web_server
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_eus
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_tus
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_aus
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	netapp oncommand_shift
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2016-6794	affect_product	oracle tekelec_platform_distribution
CVE-2018-1999002	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1999002	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1999002	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2020-2242	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database
CVE-2020-2242	affect_product	jenkins database
CVE-2020-2242	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2019-5312	affect_library	com.github.binarywang/wx-java
CVE-2019-5312	affect_library	com.github.binarywang/weixin-java-common
CVE-2019-5312	affect_product	wxjava_project wxjava
CVE-2019-5312	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2021-25122	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2021-25122	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2021-25122	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2021-25122	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-25122	affect_product	oracle managed_file_transfer
CVE-2021-25122	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2021-25122	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2021-25122	affect_product	oracle database
CVE-2021-25122	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2021-25122	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2021-25122	affect_product	oracle graph_server_and_client
CVE-2021-25122	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-25122	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2021-25122	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_security_edge_protection_proxy
CVE-2021-25122	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-2191	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-plugin
CVE-2020-2191	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm
CVE-2020-2191	affect_product	jenkins self-organizing_swarm_modules
CVE-2020-2191	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2013-4330	affect_library	org.apache.camel/apache-camel
CVE-2013-4330	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-bundle
CVE-2013-4330	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-core
CVE-2013-4330	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2013-4330	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2019-10102	affect_library	io.ktor/ktor
CVE-2019-10102	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib
CVE-2019-10102	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7
CVE-2019-10102	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-reflect
CVE-2019-10102	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common
CVE-2019-10102	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8
CVE-2019-10102	affect_product	jetbrains kotlin
CVE-2019-10102	affect_product	jetbrains ktor
CVE-2019-10102	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2018-17190	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12
CVE-2018-17190	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11
CVE-2018-17190	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10
CVE-2018-17190	affect_product	apache spark
CVE-2020-12648	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/tinymce
CVE-2020-12648	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/tinymce-dist
CVE-2020-12648	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/alpaca
CVE-2020-12648	affect_library	org.webjars/tinymce-jquery
CVE-2020-12648	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.tinymce/tinymce-dist
CVE-2020-12648	affect_library	org.webjars/AdminBSBMaterialDesign
CVE-2020-12648	affect_library	org.webjars/tinymce
CVE-2020-12648	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/tinymce
CVE-2020-12648	affect_product	tiny tinymce
CVE-2020-12648	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2011-3190	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2011-3190	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2011-3190	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-ajp
CVE-2011-3190	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2011-3190	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2011-3190	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2018-8015	affect_library	org.apache.orc/orc-core
CVE-2018-8015	affect_product	apache orc
CVE-2018-8015	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-674
CVE-2019-10301	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-plugin
CVE-2019-10301	affect_product	jenkins gitlab
CVE-2019-10301	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2019-13234	affect_library	org.opencms/opencms-core
CVE-2019-13234	affect_product	alkacon opencms_apollo_template
CVE-2019-13234	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-1003006	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/groovy
CVE-2019-1003006	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/groovy
CVE-2019-1003006	affect_product	jenkins groovy
CVE-2019-1003006	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2017-3202	affect_library	com.exadel.flamingo.flex/amf-serializer
CVE-2017-3202	affect_product	exadel flamingo
CVE-2017-3202	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-36179	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	netapp cloud_backup
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_route
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-36179	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36179	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10414	affect_library	de.wellnerbou.jenkins/git-changelog
CVE-2019-10414	affect_product	jenkins git_changelog
CVE-2019-10414	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10460	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth
CVE-2019-10460	affect_product	jenkins bitbucket_oauth
CVE-2019-10460	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2017-4992	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa
CVE-2017-4992	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2017-4992	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-login
CVE-2017-4992	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2017-4992	affect_product	cloudfoundry cloud_foundry_uaa_bosh
CVE-2017-4992	affect_product	cloudfoundry cf-release
CVE-2017-4992	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-269
CVE-2018-1262	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa
CVE-2018-1262	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-client-lib
CVE-2018-1262	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2018-1262	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2018-1262	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa-release
CVE-2018-1262	affect_product	cloudfoundry cf-deployment
CVE-2020-11620	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle retail_sales_audit
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2020-11620	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2020-11620	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-1002204	affect_library	org.webjars/adm-zip
CVE-2018-1002204	affect_product	adm-zip_project adm-zip
CVE-2018-1002204	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-1003014	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider
CVE-2019-1003014	affect_product	jenkins config_file_provider
CVE-2019-1003014	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-1003014	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-3723	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2016-3723	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2016-3723	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2016-3723	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-2184	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cvs
CVE-2020-2184	affect_product	jenkins current_versions_systems
CVE-2020-2184	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-15703	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-core
CVE-2017-15703	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-update-attribute-model
CVE-2017-15703	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-file-authorizer
CVE-2017-15703	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security
CVE-2017-15703	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-authorizer
CVE-2017-15703	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api
CVE-2017-15703	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster
CVE-2017-15703	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol
CVE-2017-15703	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-security-utils
CVE-2017-15703	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2017-15703	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-1000391	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000391	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000391	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2016-6801	affect_library	org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav
CVE-2016-6801	affect_product	apache jackrabbit
CVE-2016-6801	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2016-6801	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-5653	affect_library	org.apache.cayenne.modeler/cayenne-modeler
CVE-2018-5653	affect_product	weblizar pinterest-feeds
CVE-2018-5653	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2021-44228	affect_library	org.ops4j.pax.logging/pax-logging-log4j2
CVE-2021-44228	affect_library	org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j-core
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	apache log4j
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens logo\\!_soft_comfort
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens spectrum_power_4
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens siveillance_control_pro
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens energyip_prepay
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens siveillance_identity
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens siveillance_command
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens sipass_integrated
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens head-end_system_universal_device_integration_system
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens gma-manager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens energyip
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens energy_engage
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens e-car_operation_center
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens desigo_cc_info_center
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens desigo_cc_advanced_reports
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens comos
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens captial
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens navigator
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens xpedition_package_integrator
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens xpedition_enterprise
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens vesys
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens teamcenter
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens spectrum_power_7
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens solid_edge_harness_design
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens solid_edge_cam_pro
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens siveillance_viewpoint
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens siveillance_vantage
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens siguard_dsa
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens sentron_powermanager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens operation_scheduler
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens nx
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens opcenter_intelligence
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens mindsphere
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens mendix
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens industrial_edge_management_hub
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	siemens industrial_edge_management
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	intel audio_development_kit
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	intel system_debugger
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	intel secure_device_onboard
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	intel oneapi_sample_browser
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	intel sensor_solution_firmware_development_kit
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	intel computer_vision_annotation_tool
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	intel genomics_kernel_library
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	intel system_studio
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	intel data_center_manager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	sonicwall email_security
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	netapp cloud_insights
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	netapp cloud_manager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	netapp cloud_secure_agent
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	netapp ontap_tools
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco unified_communications_manager_im_and_presence_service
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco unified_customer_voice_portal
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco webex_meetings_server
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco packaged_contact_center_enterprise
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco identity_services_engine
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco data_center_network_manager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco unified_contact_center_express
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco finesse
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco nexus_dashboard
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco network_services_orchestrator
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco iot_operations_dashboard
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco intersight_virtual_appliance
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco evolved_programmable_network_manager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco dna_spaces\\
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco cyber_vision_sensor_management_extension
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco crosswork_zero_touch_provisioning
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco crosswork_platform_infrastructure
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco crosswork_optimization_engine
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco crosswork_network_controller
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco crosswork_data_gateway
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco common_services_platform_collector
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco cloudcenter
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco cloudcenter_workload_manager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco cloudcenter_suite_admin
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco cloudcenter_cost_optimizer
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco business_process_automation
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco automated_subsea_tuning
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco nexus_insights
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco advanced_malware_protection_virtual_private_cloud_appliance
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco customer_experience_cloud_agent
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco workload_optimization_manager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco ucs_central
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco ucs_director
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco sd-wan_vmanage
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco optical_network_controller
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco fog_director
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco dna_center
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco integrated_management_controller_supervisor
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco wan_automation_engine
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco virtualized_infrastructure_manager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco network_assurance_engine
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco virtual_topology_system
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco smart_phy
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco prime_service_catalog
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco connected_mobile_experiences
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco video_surveillance_operations_manager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco unity_connection
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco virtualized_voice_browser
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco unified_workforce_optimization
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco unified_sip_proxy
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco unified_intelligence_center
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco unified_contact_center_enterprise
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco unified_communications_manager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco paging_server
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco enterprise_chat_and_email
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco emergency_responder
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco contact_center_management_portal
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco contact_center_domain_manager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco cloud_connect
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco broadworks
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco firepower_threat_defense
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco dna_spaces_connector
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco unified_communications_manager_im_\\&_presence_service
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco unified_contact_center_management_portal
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco unified_computing_system
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco ucs_central_software
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco network_dashboard_fabric_controller
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco video_surveillance_manager
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco cloudcenter_suite
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco network_insights_for_data_center
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco cx_cloud_agent
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco mobility_services_engine
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco dna_spaces
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco cyber_vision
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco connected_analytics_for_network_deployment
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	cisco crosswork_network_automation
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	snowsoftware vm_access_proxy
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	snowsoftware snow_commander
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	bentley synchro_4d
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	bentley synchro
CVE-2021-44228	affect_product	percussion rhythmyx
CVE-2021-44228	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-1000057	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/secret
CVE-2018-1000057	affect_product	jenkins credentials_binding
CVE-2018-1000057	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2021-32827	affect_library	org.mock-server/mockserver
CVE-2021-32827	affect_library	org.mock-server/mockserver-core
CVE-2021-32827	affect_product	mock-server mockserver
CVE-2021-32827	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-32827	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2130	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/harvest
CVE-2020-2130	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/harvest
CVE-2020-2130	affect_product	jenkins harvest_scm
CVE-2020-2130	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-1010250	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-rest
CVE-2019-1010250	affect_product	linuxfoundation open_network_operating_system
CVE-2019-1010250	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-1000191	affect_library	com.blackducksoftware.integration/blackduck-detect
CVE-2018-1000191	affect_product	jenkins synopsys_detect
CVE-2018-1000191	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2017-1000404	affect_library	se.diabol.jenkins.pipeline/delivery-pipeline-plugin
CVE-2017-1000404	affect_product	jenkins delivery_pipeline
CVE-2017-1000404	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-10969	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle financial_services_price_creation_and_discovery
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle financial_services_institutional_performance_analytics
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration_j2ee
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle financial_services_retail_customer_analytics
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle retail_sales_audit
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-10969	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-10969	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2010-2086	affect_library	org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-core-project
CVE-2010-2086	affect_product	apache myfaces
CVE-2010-2086	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1000195	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000195	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000195	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2018-1000195	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2014-2066	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-2066	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2014-2066	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2015-8860	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2015-8860	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform
CVE-2015-8860	affect_library	org.webjars/tar
CVE-2015-8860	affect_product	nodejs node.js
CVE-2015-8860	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-59
CVE-2019-10475	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-metrics
CVE-2019-10475	affect_product	jenkins build-metrics
CVE-2019-10475	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2022-26520	affect_library	org.postgresql/postgresql
CVE-2022-26520	affect_product	postgresql postgresql_jdbc_driver
CVE-2022-26520	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2014-6071	affect_library	org.webjars/jquery
CVE-2014-6071	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jquery
CVE-2014-6071	affect_product	jquery jquery
CVE-2014-6071	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2014-3665	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-3665	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-17352	affect_library	com.jfinal/jfinal
CVE-2019-17352	affect_product	jfinal jfinal
CVE-2019-17352	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2021-38153	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11
CVE-2021-38153	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients
CVE-2021-38153	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients
CVE-2021-38153	affect_product	apache kafka
CVE-2021-38153	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2021-38153	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2021-38153	affect_product	oracle financial_services_enterprise_case_management
CVE-2021-38153	affect_product	oracle financial_services_behavior_detection_platform
CVE-2021-38153	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-38153	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2021-38153	affect_product	oracle communications_brm_-_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-38153	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-203
CVE-2020-2289	affect_library	org.biouno/uno-choice
CVE-2020-2289	affect_product	jenkins active_choices
CVE-2020-2289	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-2193	affect_library	org.apache.hbase/hbase
CVE-2013-2193	affect_product	apache hbase
CVE-2013-2193	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2020-11113	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle financial_services_price_creation_and_discovery
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle financial_services_institutional_performance_analytics
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration_j2ee
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle financial_services_retail_customer_analytics
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle retail_sales_audit
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-11113	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-11113	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-29582	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin
CVE-2020-29582	affect_product	jetbrains kotlin
CVE-2020-29582	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_slice_selection_function
CVE-2020-29582	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-29582	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_service_communication_proxy
CVE-2020-29582	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2018-1999046	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1999046	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1999046	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-36183	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	netapp cloud_backup
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_route
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-36183	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-36183	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2015-3158	affect_library	org.picketlink/picketlink-tomcat-common
CVE-2015-3158	affect_product	picketlink picketlink
CVE-2017-9797	affect_library	org.apache.geode/geode-core
CVE-2017-9797	affect_product	apache geode
CVE-2017-9797	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2017-12610	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12
CVE-2017-12610	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11
CVE-2017-12610	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10
CVE-2017-12610	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients
CVE-2017-12610	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients
CVE-2017-12610	affect_product	apache kafka
CVE-2017-12610	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bctsp-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2016-1000345	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2012-5817	affect_library	org.codehaus.xfire/xfire-core
CVE-2012-5817	affect_product	amazon ec2_api_tools_java_library
CVE-2012-5817	affect_product	codehaus xfire
CVE-2012-5817	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2017-9795	affect_library	org.apache.geode/gemfire-core
CVE-2017-9795	affect_library	org.apache.geode/geode-core
CVE-2017-9795	affect_product	apache geode
CVE-2017-9795	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-19703	affect_library	io.ktor/ktor-client-core
CVE-2019-19703	affect_product	jetbrains ktor
CVE-2019-19703	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-601
CVE-2019-1003099	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openid
CVE-2019-1003099	affect_product	jenkins openid
CVE-2019-1003099	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-2245	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/valgrind
CVE-2020-2245	affect_product	jenkins valgrind
CVE-2020-2245	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2015-3188	affect_library	org.apache.storm/storm-core
CVE-2015-3188	affect_product	apache storm
CVE-2020-9484	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2020-9484	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle transportation_management
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle managed_file_transfer
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle database
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle workload_manager
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle siebel_apps_-_marketing
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle fmw_platform
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-9484	affect_product	mcafee epolicy_orchestrator
CVE-2020-9484	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-2262	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/android-lint
CVE-2020-2262	affect_product	jenkins android_lint
CVE-2020-2262	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-8006	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console
CVE-2018-8006	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2018-8006	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10463	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dynatrace-dashboard
CVE-2019-10463	affect_product	jenkins dynatrace_application_monitoring
CVE-2019-10463	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2019-1003072	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/wildfly-deployer
CVE-2019-1003072	affect_product	jenkins wildfly_deployer
CVE-2019-1003072	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2017-15288	affect_library	org.scala-lang/scala-compiler
CVE-2017-15288	affect_product	scala-lang scala
CVE-2017-15288	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-732
CVE-2019-10343	affect_library	io.jenkins/configuration-as-code
CVE-2019-10343	affect_product	jenkins configuration_as_code
CVE-2019-10343	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-532
CVE-2020-8244	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bl
CVE-2020-8244	affect_product	bufferlist_project bufferlist
CVE-2020-8244	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-8244	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-125
CVE-2019-1003032	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext
CVE-2019-1003032	affect_product	jenkins email_extension
CVE-2022-25517	affect_library	com.baomidou/mybatis-plus-core
CVE-2022-25517	affect_product	baomidou mybatis-plus
CVE-2022-25517	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2014-9515	affect_library	net.sf.dozer/dozer
CVE-2014-9515	affect_product	dozer_project dozer
CVE-2014-9515	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-1000393	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000393	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.main/hudson-core
CVE-2017-1000393	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000393	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2021-39140	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-39140	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-39140	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2016-4437	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-all
CVE-2016-4437	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-core
CVE-2016-4437	affect_product	apache shiro
CVE-2016-4437	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2017-5638	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2017-5638	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2017-5638	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-11974	affect_library	org.apache.dolphinscheduler/dolphinscheduler-dao
CVE-2020-11974	affect_product	apache dolphinscheduler
CVE-2014-2064	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-2064	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2014-2064	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2014-4611	affect_library	net.jpountz.lz4/lz4
CVE-2014-4611	affect_product	linux linux_kernel
CVE-2014-4611	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2022-25206	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dbCharts
CVE-2022-25206	affect_product	jenkins dbcharts
CVE-2022-25206	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2017-14735	affect_library	org.owasp.antisamy/antisamy
CVE-2017-14735	affect_product	antisamy_project antisamy
CVE-2017-14735	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2091	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2
CVE-2020-2091	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ec2
CVE-2020-2091	affect_product	jenkins amazon_ec2
CVE-2020-2091	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2013-1814	affect_library	org.apache.rave/rave-web
CVE-2013-1814	affect_product	apache rave
CVE-2013-1814	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2010-5327	affect_library	com.liferay.portal/com.liferay.portal.impl
CVE-2010-5327	affect_library	com.liferay.portal/portal-impl
CVE-2010-5327	affect_product	liferay liferay_portal
CVE-2014-0095	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2014-0095	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2014-0095	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2014-0095	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2014-0193	affect_library	io.netty/netty-all
CVE-2014-0193	affect_library	io.netty/netty
CVE-2014-0193	affect_library	io.netty/netty-codec-http
CVE-2014-0193	affect_product	netty netty
CVE-2019-10311	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible-tower
CVE-2019-10311	affect_product	jenkins ansible_tower
CVE-2019-10311	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2014-7827	affect_library	org.picketlink/picketlink-federation
CVE-2014-7827	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-1003092	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nomad
CVE-2019-1003092	affect_product	jenkins nomad
CVE-2019-1003092	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-10380	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/simple-travis-runner
CVE-2019-10380	affect_product	jenkins simple_travis_pipeline_runner
CVE-2018-1999033	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/anchore-container-scanner
CVE-2018-1999033	affect_product	anchore container_image_scanner
CVE-2018-1999033	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-19530	affect_library	com.github.httl/httl
CVE-2018-19530	affect_product	httl_project httl
CVE-2018-19530	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-13925	affect_library	org.apache.kylin/kylin-core-common
CVE-2020-13925	affect_library	org.apache.kylin/kylin-server-base
CVE-2020-13925	affect_product	apache kylin
CVE-2020-13925	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2020-11009	affect_library	org.rundeck/rundeck
CVE-2020-11009	affect_product	pagerduty rundeck
CVE-2020-11009	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-639
CVE-2019-10379	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gcm-notification
CVE-2019-10379	affect_product	google cloud_messaging_notification
CVE-2019-10379	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2021-21290	affect_library	io.netty/netty-all
CVE-2021-21290	affect_library	io.netty/netty-handler
CVE-2021-21290	affect_library	io.netty/netty-codec-http
CVE-2021-21290	affect_product	netty netty
CVE-2021-21290	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-21290	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2021-21290	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance_process_management
CVE-2021-21290	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2021-21290	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2021-21290	affect_product	oracle nosql_database
CVE-2021-21290	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2021-21290	affect_product	oracle communications_design_studio
CVE-2021-21290	affect_product	oracle communications_brm_-_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-21290	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2021-21290	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2021-21290	affect_product	netapp cloud_secure_agent
CVE-2021-21290	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-378
CVE-2015-5324	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-5324	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-5324	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2019-10747	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/set-value
CVE-2019-10747	affect_product	set-value_project set-value
CVE-2019-10747	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2017-7672	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2017-7672	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2017-7672	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2009-0038	affect_library	org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-kernel
CVE-2009-0038	affect_library	org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-security
CVE-2009-0038	affect_product	apache geronimo
CVE-2009-0038	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-7020	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2020-7020	affect_product	elastic elasticsearch
CVE-2020-7020	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-269
CVE-2020-2183	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copyartifact
CVE-2020-2183	affect_product	jenkins copy_artifact
CVE-2020-2183	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2020-12719	affect_library	org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.publisher.core
CVE-2020-12719	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_analytics
CVE-2020-12719	affect_product	wso2 identity_server
CVE-2020-12719	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_as_key_manager
CVE-2020-12719	affect_product	wso2 enterprise_integrator
CVE-2020-12719	affect_product	wso2 api_microgateway
CVE-2020-12719	affect_product	wso2 api_manager_analytics
CVE-2020-12719	affect_product	wso2 api_manager
CVE-2020-12719	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-1229	affect_library	org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager
CVE-2018-1229	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_batch_admin
CVE-2018-1229	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2250	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing
CVE-2020-2250	affect_product	jenkins soapui_pro_functional_testing
CVE-2020-2250	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2017-12617	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2017-12617	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2017-12617	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2017-12617	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2017-12617	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2017-12617	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2018-1999004	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1999004	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1999004	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2018-1999004	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2020-8920	affect_library	com.google.gerrit/gerrit-plugin-api
CVE-2020-8920	affect_product	google gerrit
CVE-2020-1953	affect_library	org.apache.commons/commons-configuration2
CVE-2020-1953	affect_product	apache commons_configuration
CVE-2020-1953	affect_product	oracle database_server
CVE-2020-1953	affect_product	oracle healthcare_foundation
CVE-2016-4216	affect_library	com.adobe.xmp/xmpcore
CVE-2016-4216	affect_product	adobe xmp_toolkit
CVE-2013-1965	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2013-1965	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase
CVE-2013-1965	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2013-1965	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2013-1965	affect_product	apache struts2-showcase
CVE-2013-1965	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2019-10291	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan
CVE-2019-10291	affect_product	jenkins netsparker_cloud_scan
CVE-2019-10291	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2012-3451	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap
CVE-2012-3451	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-core
CVE-2012-3451	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2012-3451	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2011-2730	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2011-2730	affect_product	springsource spring_framework
CVE-2018-18389	affect_library	org.neo4j/neo4j-enterprise
CVE-2018-18389	affect_library	org.neo4j/neo4j-security-enterprise
CVE-2018-18389	affect_product	neo4j neo4j
CVE-2018-18389	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2020-2321	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shelve-project-plugin
CVE-2020-2321	affect_product	jenkins shelve_project
CVE-2020-2321	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-12974	affect_library	com.nimbusds/nimbus-jose-jwt
CVE-2017-12974	affect_product	connect2id nimbus_jose\\+jwt
CVE-2017-12974	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-347
CVE-2014-0075	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2014-0075	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2014-0075	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2014-0075	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2019-10471	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave
CVE-2019-10471	affect_product	jenkins libvirt_slaves
CVE-2019-10471	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-15531	affect_library	net.bull.javamelody/javamelody-core
CVE-2018-15531	affect_product	javamelody_project javamelody
CVE-2018-15531	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-5643	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-core
CVE-2017-5643	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2017-5643	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2020-6950	affect_library	org.glassfish/jakarta.faces
CVE-2020-6950	affect_product	eclipse mojarra
CVE-2020-6950	affect_product	oracle solaris_cluster
CVE-2020-6950	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-6950	affect_product	oracle communications_network_integrity
CVE-2020-6950	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-6950	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2020-6950	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-6950	affect_product	oracle time_and_labor
CVE-2020-6950	affect_product	oracle hyperion_calculation_manager
CVE-2020-6950	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-7747	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/parsleyjs
CVE-2018-7747	affect_product	calderalabs caldera_forms
CVE-2018-7747	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-20149	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/kind-of
CVE-2019-20149	affect_product	kind-of_project kind-of
CVE-2019-20149	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-668
CVE-2012-5881	affect_library	org.webjars/yui
CVE-2012-5881	affect_product	yahoo yui
CVE-2012-5881	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-9096	affect_library	com.itextpdf/itext-pdfa
CVE-2017-9096	affect_library	com.itextpdf/itextg
CVE-2017-9096	affect_library	com.lowagie/itext
CVE-2017-9096	affect_library	com.itextpdf/itextpdf
CVE-2017-9096	affect_product	itextpdf itext
CVE-2017-9096	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2021-36152	affect_library	org.apache.gobblin/gobblin-utility
CVE-2021-36152	affect_product	apache gobblin
CVE-2013-6468	affect_library	org.drools/drools-workbench-models-test-scenarios
CVE-2013-6468	affect_product	redhat jboss_bpm_suite
CVE-2013-6468	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_brms_platform
CVE-2013-6468	affect_product	redhat jboss_drools
CVE-2013-6468	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2022-23640	affect_library	com.monitorjbl/xlsx-streamer
CVE-2022-23640	affect_product	excel_streaming_reader_project excel_streaming_reader
CVE-2022-23640	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-776
CVE-2020-15250	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.junit
CVE-2020-15250	affect_library	junit/junit
CVE-2020-15250	affect_product	junit junit4
CVE-2020-15250	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-15250	affect_product	apache pluto
CVE-2020-15250	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-15250	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-732
CVE-2013-4322	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2013-4322	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2013-4322	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2013-4322	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2013-4322	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2013-4322	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2016-0706	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2016-0706	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2016-0706	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2016-0706	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2016-0706	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2016-0706	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2016-0706	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-7598	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2020-7598	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat
CVE-2020-7598	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2020-7598	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/minimist
CVE-2020-7598	affect_product	substack minimist
CVE-2020-7598	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2020-7598	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2013-4286	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2013-4286	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2013-4286	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2013-4286	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2013-4286	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2016-1000338	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000338	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000338	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000338	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000338	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000338	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000338	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000338	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000338	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000338	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2016-1000338	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-347
CVE-2020-2120	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fitnesse
CVE-2020-2120	affect_product	jenkins fitnesse
CVE-2020-2120	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-6002	affect_library	com.linecorp.centraldogma/centraldogma-server
CVE-2019-6002	affect_product	central_dogma_project central_dogma
CVE-2019-6002	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2014-0097	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2014-0097	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-ldap
CVE-2014-0097	affect_product	vmware spring_security
CVE-2014-0097	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2012-1724	affect_library	xerces/xerces
CVE-2012-1724	affect_library	xerces/xercesImpl
CVE-2012-1724	affect_product	oracle jre
CVE-2012-1724	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2012-1724	affect_product	sun jdk
CVE-2012-1724	affect_product	sun jre
CVE-2013-4310	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin
CVE-2013-4310	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2013-4310	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2020-7792	affect_library	org.webjars/mout
CVE-2020-7792	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/mout
CVE-2020-7792	affect_product	moutjs mout
CVE-2020-7792	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2020-26945	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.mybatis
CVE-2020-26945	affect_library	org.mybatis/mybatis
CVE-2020-26945	affect_product	mybatis mybatis
CVE-2020-26945	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2016-0762	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2016-0762	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2016-0762	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2016-0762	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_desktop
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_workstation
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_aus
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_web_server
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_eus
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_tus
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	netapp oncommand_shift
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2016-0762	affect_product	oracle tekelec_platform_distribution
CVE-2016-0762	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-203
CVE-2018-1256	affect_library	io.pivotal.spring.cloud/spring-cloud-sso-connector
CVE-2018-1256	affect_product	vmware spring_cloud_sso_connector
CVE-2018-1284	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-service
CVE-2018-1284	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive
CVE-2018-1284	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-exec
CVE-2018-1284	affect_product	apache hive
CVE-2018-1284	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-13953	affect_library	org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core
CVE-2020-13953	affect_product	apache tapestry
CVE-2020-13953	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-552
CVE-2018-16131	affect_library	com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12
CVE-2018-16131	affect_library	com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11
CVE-2018-16131	affect_library	com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11
CVE-2018-16131	affect_product	lightbend akka_http
CVE-2018-16131	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2019-16540	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/support-core
CVE-2019-16540	affect_product	jenkins support_core
CVE-2019-16540	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-9142	affect_library	org.b3log/symphony
CVE-2019-9142	affect_product	b3log symphony
CVE-2019-9142	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-3824	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2018-3824	affect_product	elastic elasticsearch_x-pack
CVE-2018-3824	affect_product	elastic kibana_x-pack
CVE-2018-3824	affect_product	elastic logstash_x-pack
CVE-2018-3824	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-9155	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/openpgp
CVE-2019-9155	affect_product	openpgpjs openpgpjs
CVE-2019-9155	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-327
CVE-2020-2124	affect_library	com.moded.extendedchoiceparameter/dynamic_extended_choice_parameter
CVE-2020-2124	affect_product	jenkins dynamic_extended_choice_parameter
CVE-2020-2124	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2020-4051	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/dijit
CVE-2020-4051	affect_library	org.webjars/dojo-src
CVE-2020-4051	affect_product	openjsf dijit
CVE-2020-4051	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-4051	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2020-4051	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2020-4051	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2020-4051	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-4051	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-12036	affect_library	org.owasp/dependency-check-core
CVE-2018-12036	affect_product	owasp dependency-check
CVE-2018-12036	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-10367	affect_library	io.jenkins/configuration-as-code
CVE-2019-10367	affect_product	jenkins configuration_as_code
CVE-2019-10367	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-532
CVE-2020-2090	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2
CVE-2020-2090	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ec2
CVE-2020-2090	affect_product	jenkins amazon_ec2
CVE-2020-2090	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-1000208	affect_library	io.swagger/swagger-codegen
CVE-2017-1000208	affect_library	io.swagger/swagger-parser
CVE-2017-1000208	affect_product	swagger swagger-parser
CVE-2017-1000208	affect_product	swagger swagger-codegen
CVE-2017-1000208	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-16116	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/string
CVE-2017-16116	affect_product	string_project string
CVE-2017-16116	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2017-2606	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-2606	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-2606	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2017-8046	affect_library	org.springframework.data/spring-data-rest-webmvc
CVE-2017-8046	affect_product	vmware spring_boot
CVE-2017-8046	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_data_rest
CVE-2017-8046	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2022-27199	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials
CVE-2022-27199	affect_product	jenkins cloudbees_aws_credentials
CVE-2022-27199	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2019-10170	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2019-10170	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2019-10170	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2018-8041	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-mail
CVE-2018-8041	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2018-8041	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2017-5653	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml
CVE-2017-5653	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2017-5653	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2010-3700	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-web
CVE-2010-3700	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2013-5823	affect_library	org.apache.santuario/xmlsec
CVE-2013-5823	affect_product	oracle jrockit
CVE-2013-5823	affect_product	oracle jre
CVE-2013-5823	affect_product	sun jdk
CVE-2013-5823	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2013-5823	affect_product	sun jre
CVE-2017-12615	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2017-12615	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2017-12615	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2020-2252	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailer
CVE-2020-2252	affect_product	jenkins mailer
CVE-2020-2252	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2018-1067	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2018-1067	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2018-1067	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-113
CVE-2014-8114	affect_library	org.uberfire/uberfire-security-server
CVE-2014-8114	affect_library	org.uberfire/uberfire-server
CVE-2014-8114	affect_product	redhat uberfire
CVE-2018-12418	affect_library	com.github.junrar/junrar
CVE-2018-12418	affect_product	junrar_project junrar
CVE-2018-12418	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2016-0791	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2016-0791	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2016-0791	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2016-0791	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2015-7520	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket-core
CVE-2015-7520	affect_product	apache wicket
CVE-2015-7520	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2012-5370	affect_library	org.jruby/jruby
CVE-2012-5370	affect_product	jruby jruby
CVE-2015-0225	affect_library	org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all
CVE-2015-0225	affect_product	apache cassandra
CVE-2015-0225	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-77
CVE-2018-1295	affect_library	org.apache.ignite/ignite-core
CVE-2018-1295	affect_product	apache ignite
CVE-2018-1295	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2022-27205	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extended-choice-parameter
CVE-2022-27205	affect_product	jenkins extended_choice_parameter
CVE-2022-27205	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-12642	affect_library	com.epam.reportportal/service-api
CVE-2020-12642	affect_product	reportportal service-api
CVE-2020-12642	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-14832	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2019-14832	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-model-infinispan
CVE-2019-14832	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2019-14832	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2019-10087	affect_library	org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war
CVE-2019-10087	affect_product	apache jspwiki
CVE-2019-10087	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2205	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncrecorder
CVE-2020-2205	affect_product	jenkins vncrecorder
CVE-2020-2205	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-5222	affect_library	org.opencastproject/opencast-kernel
CVE-2020-5222	affect_product	apereo opencast
CVE-2020-5222	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-798
CVE-2020-2875	affect_library	mysql/mysql-connector-java
CVE-2020-2875	affect_product	oracle mysql_connector\\/j
CVE-2020-2875	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-2875	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-2258	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudbees-jenkins-advisor
CVE-2020-2258	affect_product	jenkins health_advisor_by_cloudbees
CVE-2020-2258	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2018-1132	affect_library	org.opendaylight.sdninterfaceapp/sdninterfaceapp-impl
CVE-2018-1132	affect_product	opendaylight sdninterfaceapp
CVE-2018-1132	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2018-1999045	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1999045	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1999045	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2019-10425	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/gcal
CVE-2019-10425	affect_product	jenkins google_calendar
CVE-2019-10425	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-1003036	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents
CVE-2019-1003036	affect_product	jenkins azure_vm_agents
CVE-2019-1003036	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2016-8739	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-extension-providers
CVE-2016-8739	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2016-8739	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-2141	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/p4
CVE-2020-2141	affect_product	jenkins p4
CVE-2020-2141	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-2287	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit-trail
CVE-2020-2287	affect_product	jenkins audit_trail
CVE-2016-4438	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin
CVE-2016-4438	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2016-4438	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-14444	affect_library	org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor.ui
CVE-2020-14444	affect_product	wso2 identity_server
CVE-2020-14444	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_as_key_manager
CVE-2020-14444	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-3737	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2018-3737	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/sshpk
CVE-2018-3737	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2018-3737	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2018-3737	affect_product	joyent sshpk
CVE-2018-3737	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-185
CVE-2012-2098	affect_library	org.apache.ant/ant
CVE-2012-2098	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ant
CVE-2012-2098	affect_library	ant/ant
CVE-2012-2098	affect_library	org.apache.commons/commons-compress
CVE-2012-2098	affect_product	apache commons_compress
CVE-2019-10169	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-authz-client
CVE-2019-10169	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2017-12626	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.poi
CVE-2017-12626	affect_library	org.apache.poi/poi-scratchpad
CVE-2017-12626	affect_library	org.apache.poi/poi
CVE-2017-12626	affect_product	apache poi
CVE-2017-12626	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2019-0230	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2019-0230	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2019-0230	affect_product	oracle financial_services_market_risk_measurement_and_management
CVE-2019-0230	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2019-0230	affect_product	oracle financial_services_data_integration_hub
CVE-2019-0230	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2019-0230	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2018-8027	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-core
CVE-2018-8027	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2018-8027	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-8929	affect_library	com.google.crypto.tink/tink
CVE-2020-8929	affect_product	google tink
CVE-2018-14041	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap
CVE-2018-14041	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bootstrap
CVE-2018-14041	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.thomaspark/bootswatch
CVE-2018-14041	affect_library	org.webjars/bootstrap
CVE-2018-14041	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/bootstrap
CVE-2018-14041	affect_product	getbootstrap bootstrap
CVE-2018-14041	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-2115	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2013-2115	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2013-2115	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2020-24301	affect_library	ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir
CVE-2020-24301	affect_product	hapifhir testpage_overlay
CVE-2020-24301	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-5018	affect_library	tomcat/jasper
CVE-2016-5018	affect_library	tomcat/jasper-runtime
CVE-2016-5018	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper
CVE-2016-5018	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/jasper
CVE-2016-5018	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-jasper
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	netapp oncommand_shift
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_desktop
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_workstation
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_aus
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_web_server
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_eus
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_tus
CVE-2016-5018	affect_product	oracle tekelec_platform_distribution
CVE-2012-3373	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket-core
CVE-2012-3373	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket
CVE-2012-3373	affect_product	apache wicket
CVE-2012-3373	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-2248	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2013-2248	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2013-2248	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2017-15694	affect_library	org.apache.geode/geode-core
CVE-2017-15694	affect_product	apache geode
CVE-2017-15694	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-88
CVE-2019-12041	affect_library	org.webjars/remarkable
CVE-2019-12041	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.jonschlinkert/remarkable
CVE-2019-12041	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/remarkable
CVE-2019-12041	affect_product	remarkable_project remarkable
CVE-2019-12041	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1333
CVE-2017-3523	affect_library	mysql/mysql-connector-java
CVE-2017-3523	affect_product	oracle connector\\/j
CVE-2021-30639	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat
CVE-2021-30639	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2021-30639	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2021-30639	affect_product	mcafee epolicy_orchestrator
CVE-2021-30639	affect_product	oracle big_data_spatial_and_graph
CVE-2021-30639	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-755
CVE-2016-5002	affect_library	org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc
CVE-2016-5002	affect_product	apache xml-rpc
CVE-2016-5002	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2014-0003	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-core
CVE-2014-0003	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2018-3831	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2018-3831	affect_product	elastic elasticsearch
CVE-2018-3831	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2017-8039	affect_library	org.springframework.webflow/org.springframework.webflow
CVE-2017-8039	affect_library	org.springframework.webflow/spring-webflow
CVE-2017-8039	affect_product	pivotal spring_web_flow
CVE-2017-8039	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1188
CVE-2019-1003077	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db
CVE-2019-1003077	affect_product	jenkins audit_to_database
CVE-2019-1003077	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2019-10317	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/sitemonitor
CVE-2019-10317	affect_product	jenkins sitemonitor
CVE-2019-10317	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2013-6408	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2013-6408	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2019-10438	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crx-content-package-deployer
CVE-2019-10438	affect_product	jenkins crx_content_package_deployer
CVE-2019-10438	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2022-27197	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view
CVE-2022-27197	affect_library	org.hudsonci.plugins/dashboard-view
CVE-2022-27197	affect_product	jenkins dashboard_view
CVE-2022-27197	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2012-4460	affect_library	org.apache.qpid/qpid-common
CVE-2012-4460	affect_product	apache qpid
CVE-2012-4460	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2017-4973	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa
CVE-2017-4973	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-scim
CVE-2017-4973	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-model
CVE-2017-4973	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2017-4973	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2017-4973	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_cf
CVE-2017-4973	affect_product	cloudfoundry cloud_foundry_uaa_bosh
CVE-2017-4973	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-269
CVE-2018-1321	affect_library	org.apache.syncope/syncope-core
CVE-2018-1321	affect_library	org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-logic
CVE-2018-1321	affect_product	apache syncope
CVE-2018-1321	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2010-0684	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-web
CVE-2010-0684	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2010-0684	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2168	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-acs
CVE-2020-2168	affect_product	jenkins azure_container_service
CVE-2020-2168	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2022-25183	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib
CVE-2022-25183	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2018-17196	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients
CVE-2018-17196	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients
CVE-2018-17196	affect_product	apache kafka
CVE-2019-12422	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-core
CVE-2019-12422	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-crypto-cipher
CVE-2019-12422	affect_product	apache shiro
CVE-2020-2193	affect_library	io.jenkins.plugins/echarts-api
CVE-2020-2193	affect_product	jenkins echarts_api
CVE-2020-2193	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2021-46708	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist
CVE-2021-46708	affect_product	smartbear swagger-ui-dist
CVE-2021-46708	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1021
CVE-2019-10328	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader
CVE-2019-10328	affect_product	jenkins pipeline_remote_loader
CVE-2019-10328	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-693
CVE-2019-10409	affect_library	hudson.plugins/project-inheritance
CVE-2019-10409	affect_product	jenkins project_inheritance
CVE-2019-10409	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2016-4800	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner
CVE-2016-4800	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util
CVE-2016-4800	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server
CVE-2016-4800	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2016-3087	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2016-3087	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2016-3087	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2015-5347	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket-extensions
CVE-2015-5347	affect_product	apache wicket
CVE-2015-5347	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-1003065	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudshare-docker
CVE-2019-1003065	affect_product	jenkins cloudshare_docker-machine
CVE-2019-1003065	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2018-1272	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-webmvc
CVE-2018-1272	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core
CVE-2018-1272	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2018-1272	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web
CVE-2018-1272	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle retail_open_commerce_platform
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle communications_performance_intelligence_center
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_information_manager
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle healthcare_master_person_index
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle insurance_calculation_engine
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_insights
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle tape_library_acsls
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle communications_converged_application_server
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle service_architecture_leveraging_tuxedo
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle big_data_discovery
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle goldengate_for_big_data
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-sale
CVE-2018-1272	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2019-10083	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi
CVE-2019-10083	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api
CVE-2019-10083	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2019-10083	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-10323	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory
CVE-2019-10323	affect_product	jfrog artifactory
CVE-2019-10323	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2014-3643	affect_library	com.sun.jersey/jersey-core
CVE-2014-3643	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.jersey-core
CVE-2014-3643	affect_library	com.sun.jersey/jersey-server
CVE-2014-3643	affect_product	jersey_project jersey
CVE-2014-3643	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-1000392	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war
CVE-2017-1000392	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000392	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-14627	affect_library	org.wildfly/wildfly-feature-pack
CVE-2018-14627	affect_library	org.wildfly/wildfly-iiop-openjdk
CVE-2018-14627	affect_product	redhat wildfly
CVE-2018-14627	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2019-16549	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.m2release/m2release
CVE-2019-16549	affect_product	jenkins maven
CVE-2019-16549	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-7709	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/json-pointer
CVE-2020-7709	affect_product	smallpdf json-pointer
CVE-2020-7709	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2019-10312	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible-tower
CVE-2019-10312	affect_product	jenkins ansible_tower
CVE-2019-10312	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-1697	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2020-1697	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-server-spi-private
CVE-2020-1697	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2020-1697	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2020-1697	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-8751	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/ranger
CVE-2016-8751	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/ranger-plugins-common
CVE-2016-8751	affect_product	apache ranger
CVE-2016-8751	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2010-1330	affect_library	org.jruby/jruby
CVE-2010-1330	affect_library	org.jruby/jruby-complete
CVE-2010-1330	affect_library	org.jruby.jcodings/jcodings
CVE-2010-1330	affect_product	jruby jruby
CVE-2010-1330	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1282	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc
CVE-2018-1282	affect_product	apache hive
CVE-2018-1282	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2011-0533	affect_library	org.apache.continuum/continuum-core
CVE-2011-0533	affect_product	apache continuum
CVE-2011-0533	affect_product	apache archiva
CVE-2011-0533	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2015-5241	affect_library	org.apache.juddi/juddi-client
CVE-2015-5241	affect_product	apache juddi
CVE-2015-5241	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-601
CVE-2019-10364	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2
CVE-2019-10364	affect_product	jenkins ec2
CVE-2019-10364	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-532
CVE-2017-7559	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2017-7559	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2017-7559	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2018-1000822	affect_library	org.codelibs.fess/fess
CVE-2018-1000822	affect_product	codelibs fess
CVE-2018-1000822	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2014-2063	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-2063	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-0232	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2019-0232	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2019-0232	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2018-14721	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2018-14721	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2018-14721	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-14721	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2018-14721	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2018-14721	affect_product	oracle jdeveloper
CVE-2018-14721	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2018-14721	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2018-14721	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2018-14721	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2018-14721	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_virtualization
CVE-2018-14721	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-14721	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2018-14721	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2019-13237	affect_library	org.opencms/opencms-core
CVE-2019-13237	affect_product	alkacon opencms_apollo_template
CVE-2019-13237	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-1951	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika
CVE-2020-1951	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-parsers
CVE-2020-1951	affect_product	apache tika
CVE-2020-1951	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-1951	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-1951	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2020-1951	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2020-1951	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2020-1951	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2017-14949	affect_library	org.restlet.jse/org.restlet
CVE-2017-14949	affect_library	org.restlet/org.restlet.ext.xml
CVE-2017-14949	affect_library	org.restlet.gae/org.restlet.ext.xml
CVE-2017-14949	affect_library	org.restlet.jse/org.restlet.ext.xml
CVE-2017-14949	affect_library	org.restlet/org.restlet
CVE-2017-14949	affect_library	org.restlet.android/org.restlet.ext.xml
CVE-2017-14949	affect_library	org.restlet.jee/org.restlet.ext.xml
CVE-2017-14949	affect_product	restlet restlet
CVE-2017-14949	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-16728	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.cure53/dompurify
CVE-2019-16728	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/dompurify
CVE-2019-16728	affect_product	cure53 dompurify
CVE-2019-16728	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-16728	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2014-0035	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal
CVE-2014-0035	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle
CVE-2014-0035	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security
CVE-2014-0035	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2014-0035	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2011-2204	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2011-2204	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-2204	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-2204	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2011-2204	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2011-2204	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-2093	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudbees-jenkins-advisor
CVE-2020-2093	affect_product	jenkins health_advisor_by_cloudbees
CVE-2020-2093	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-1000616	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-cli
CVE-2018-1000616	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-drivers-utilities
CVE-2018-1000616	affect_product	onosproject onos
CVE-2018-1000616	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2021-30640	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat
CVE-2021-30640	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2021-30640	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2021-30640	affect_product	oracle hospitality_cruise_shipboard_property_management_system
CVE-2021-30640	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2021-30640	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2021-30640	affect_product	oracle tekelec_platform_distribution
CVE-2021-30640	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-30640	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-30640	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-116
CVE-2013-2192	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core
CVE-2013-2192	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common
CVE-2013-2192	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2013-2192	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2018-1000836	affect_library	org.bedework.caleng/bw-calendar-engine-impl
CVE-2018-1000836	affect_library	org.bedework.caleng/bw-calendar-engine
CVE-2018-1000836	affect_product	apereo bw-calendar-engine
CVE-2018-1000836	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-1003061	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-cloudformation-plugin
CVE-2019-1003061	affect_product	jenkins jenkins-cloudformation-plugin
CVE-2019-1003061	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2018-1000415	affect_library	com.sonyericsson.hudson.plugins.rebuild/rebuild
CVE-2018-1000415	affect_product	rebuild_project rebuild
CVE-2018-1000415	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-0226	affect_library	org.apache.karaf.config/org.apache.karaf.config.core
CVE-2019-0226	affect_product	apache karaf
CVE-2019-0226	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-14837	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2019-14837	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2019-14837	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2019-14837	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-798
CVE-2007-0185	affect_library	dwr/dwr
CVE-2007-0185	affect_product	getahead direct_web_remoting
CVE-2021-33037	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat
CVE-2021-33037	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2021-33037	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	apache tomee
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle managed_file_transfer
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle sd-wan_edge
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle secure_global_desktop
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle hospitality_cruise_shipboard_property_management_system
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_service_communication_proxy
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle graph_server_and_client
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	oracle healthcare_translational_research
CVE-2021-33037	affect_product	mcafee epolicy_orchestrator
CVE-2021-33037	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2019-10297	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sametime
CVE-2019-10297	affect_product	jenkins sametime
CVE-2019-10297	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2017-12625	affect_library	org.apache.hive.hcatalog/hive-hcatalog-core
CVE-2017-12625	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-service
CVE-2017-12625	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive
CVE-2017-12625	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-exec
CVE-2017-12625	affect_product	apache hive
CVE-2017-12625	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2016-4465	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2016-4465	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2016-4465	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2016-4465	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-17510	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter
CVE-2020-17510	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring
CVE-2020-17510	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-web
CVE-2020-17510	affect_product	apache shiro
CVE-2020-17510	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-17510	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2019-1003038	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector
CVE-2019-1003038	affect_product	jenkins repository_connector
CVE-2019-1003038	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2018-8016	affect_library	org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all
CVE-2018-8016	affect_library	org.cassandraunit/cassandra-unit
CVE-2018-8016	affect_product	apache cassandra
CVE-2018-8016	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-306
CVE-2015-7516	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-core-net
CVE-2015-7516	affect_product	onosproject onos
CVE-2015-7516	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-476
CVE-2020-5289	affect_library	com.yahoo.elide/elide-core
CVE-2020-5289	affect_product	elide elide
CVE-2020-5289	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-552
CVE-2019-10450	affect_library	com.elasticbox.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox
CVE-2019-10450	affect_product	jenkins elasticbox_ci
CVE-2019-10450	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-312
CVE-2020-26256	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/fast-csv
CVE-2020-26256	affect_product	c2fo fast-csv
CVE-2020-26256	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2019-10417	affect_library	io.fabric8.pipeline/kubernetes-pipeline-devops-steps
CVE-2019-10417	affect_product	jenkins kubernetes_pipeline
CVE-2017-15709	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-openwire-generator
CVE-2017-15709	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-client
CVE-2017-15709	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2017-15709	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-5382	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2018-5382	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk14
CVE-2018-5382	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2018-5382	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15
CVE-2018-5382	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2018-5382	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2018-5382	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16
CVE-2018-5382	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2018-5382	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2018-5382	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2018-5382	affect_product	redhat satellite
CVE-2018-5382	affect_product	redhat satellite_capsule
CVE-2018-5382	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-354
CVE-2017-4995	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2017-4995	affect_product	vmware spring_security
CVE-2017-4995	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2022-24721	affect_library	org.cometd.java/cometd-java-oort
CVE-2022-24721	affect_product	cometd cometd
CVE-2022-24721	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2020-7610	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bson
CVE-2020-7610	affect_product	mongodb bson
CVE-2020-7610	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-1003013	affect_library	io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-commons
CVE-2019-1003013	affect_library	io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-web
CVE-2019-1003013	affect_library	io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-rest-impl
CVE-2019-1003013	affect_product	jenkins blue_ocean
CVE-2019-1003013	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-1003013	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2235	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent
CVE-2020-2235	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven
CVE-2020-2235	affect_product	jenkins pipeline_maven_integration
CVE-2020-2235	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2016-5000	affect_library	org.apache.poi/poi-examples
CVE-2016-5000	affect_product	apache poi
CVE-2016-5000	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-15231	affect_library	org.mapfish.print/print-standalone
CVE-2020-15231	affect_library	org.mapfish.print/print-servlet
CVE-2020-15231	affect_library	org.mapfish.print/print-lib
CVE-2020-15231	affect_product	mapfish print
CVE-2020-15231	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-9117	affect_library	com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock
CVE-2018-9117	affect_product	wiremock wiremock
CVE-2018-9117	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2021-35516	affect_library	org.apache.commons/commons-compress
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	apache commons_compress
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle flexcube_universal_banking
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle financial_services_enterprise_case_management
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle healthcare_data_repository
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle banking_party_management
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_service_communication_proxy
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_intelligence_hub
CVE-2021-35516	affect_product	oracle financial_services_crime_and_compliance_management_studio
CVE-2021-35516	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2020-2132	affect_library	com.parasoft/environment-manager
CVE-2020-2132	affect_product	jenkins parasoft_environment_manager
CVE-2020-2132	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2020-2158	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/literate
CVE-2020-2158	affect_product	jenkins literate
CVE-2020-2158	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-17426	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/mongoose
CVE-2019-17426	affect_product	mongoosejs mongoose
CVE-2015-5254	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-core
CVE-2015-5254	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-web
CVE-2015-5254	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-client
CVE-2015-5254	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-stomp
CVE-2015-5254	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-all
CVE-2015-5254	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-http
CVE-2015-5254	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2015-5254	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2015-5254	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2015-5254	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-1000068	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000068	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000068	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2018-1000068	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2014-2061	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-2061	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-17557	affect_library	org.apache.syncope.client/syncope-client-enduser
CVE-2019-17557	affect_product	apache syncope
CVE-2019-17557	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-5497	affect_library	org.mitre/openid-connect-common
CVE-2020-5497	affect_library	org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp
CVE-2020-5497	affect_library	org.mitre/openid-connect-server
CVE-2020-5497	affect_product	mitreid connect
CVE-2020-5497	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-15702	affect_library	org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker
CVE-2017-15702	affect_product	apache qpid_broker-j
CVE-2020-25638	affect_library	org.hibernate/hibernate-core
CVE-2020-25638	affect_product	hibernate hibernate_orm
CVE-2020-25638	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-25638	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2020-25638	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-25638	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_console
CVE-2020-25638	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2018-1999001	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1999001	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1999001	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2017-11555	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-sass
CVE-2017-11555	affect_product	libsass libsass
CVE-2017-11555	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-11972	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-endpointdsl
CVE-2020-11972	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-rabbitmq
CVE-2020-11972	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2020-11972	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-11972	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2020-11972	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-11972	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10405	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2019-10405	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-10405	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-6811	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager
CVE-2016-6811	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2014-3004	affect_library	org.codehaus.castor/castor-xml
CVE-2014-3004	affect_product	castor_project castor
CVE-2014-3004	affect_product	opensuse_project opensuse
CVE-2014-3004	affect_product	opensuse opensuse
CVE-2014-3004	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-10349	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/depgraph-view
CVE-2019-10349	affect_product	jenkins dependency_graph_viewer
CVE-2019-10349	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2015-1810	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-1810	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-1810	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2014-3604	affect_library	ca.juliusdavies/not-yet-commons-ssl
CVE-2014-3604	affect_product	not_yet_commons_ssl_project not_yet_commons_ssl
CVE-2018-1000409	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000409	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000409	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-384
CVE-2009-1275	affect_library	org.apache.tiles/tiles-api
CVE-2009-1275	affect_library	org.apache.tiles/tiles-jsp
CVE-2009-1275	affect_library	org.apache.tiles/tiles-core
CVE-2018-20200	affect_library	com.squareup.okhttp3/okhttp
CVE-2018-20200	affect_product	squareup okhttp
CVE-2018-20200	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2018-14718	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle primavera_p6_enterprise_project_portfolio_management
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle jdeveloper
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_virtualization
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle retail_workforce_management_software
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle nosql_database
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle siebel_engineering_-_installer_\\&_deployment
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2018-14718	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-14718	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10184	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2019-10184	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-servlet
CVE-2019-10184	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2019-10184	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-10184	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2019-10184	affect_product	redhat openshift_application_runtimes
CVE-2019-10184	affect_product	redhat jboss_data_grid
CVE-2019-10184	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2019-10184	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-7754	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate
CVE-2020-7754	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2020-7754	affect_product	npmjs npm-user-validate
CVE-2017-1000354	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.main/hudson-core
CVE-2017-1000354	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000354	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000354	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2018-11087	affect_library	org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit
CVE-2018-11087	affect_library	com.rabbitmq/amqp-client
CVE-2018-11087	affect_library	org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp
CVE-2018-11087	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_advanced_message_queuing_protocol
CVE-2018-11087	affect_product	pivotal_software rabbitmq
CVE-2018-11087	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2020-8175	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js
CVE-2020-8175	affect_product	jpeg-js_project jpeg-js
CVE-2020-8175	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2012-1094	affect_library	org.jboss.as/jboss-as-modcluster
CVE-2012-1094	affect_product	redhat jboss_application_server
CVE-2012-1094	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-26259	affect_library	xstream/xstream
CVE-2020-26259	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2020-26259	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2020-26259	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-26259	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-26259	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2019-11274	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2019-11274	affect_product	cloudfoundry user_account_and_authentication
CVE-2019-11274	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-7676	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/ranger
CVE-2017-7676	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/ranger-plugins-common
CVE-2017-7676	affect_product	apache ranger
CVE-2017-7676	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-1000013	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/release
CVE-2018-1000013	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/release
CVE-2018-1000013	affect_product	jenkins release
CVE-2018-1000013	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-10454	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oracle-cloud-infrastructure-compute-classic
CVE-2019-10454	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum
CVE-2019-10454	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rundeck
CVE-2019-10454	affect_product	jenkins rundeck
CVE-2019-10454	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-9159	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.sparkjava-core
CVE-2018-9159	affect_library	com.sparkjava/spark-core
CVE-2018-9159	affect_product	sparkjava spark
CVE-2018-9159	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2021-39139	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-39139	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-39139	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-13954	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf
CVE-2020-13954	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/apache-cxf
CVE-2020-13954	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http
CVE-2020-13954	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2020-13954	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2020-13954	affect_product	netapp vasa_provider_for_clustered_data_ontap
CVE-2020-13954	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker_cloud_service
CVE-2020-13954	affect_product	oracle business_intelligence
CVE-2020-13954	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2020-13954	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2009-1190	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-context
CVE-2009-1190	affect_library	org.springframework/spring
CVE-2009-1190	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-beans
CVE-2009-1190	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2009-1190	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-aop
CVE-2013-6448	affect_library	org.jboss.seam/jboss-seam-remoting
CVE-2013-6448	affect_product	redhat jboss_seam_2_framework
CVE-2019-17091	affect_library	com.sun.faces/jsf-impl
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	eclipse mojarra
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle mojarra_javaserver_faces
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle secure_global_desktop
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_information_manager
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle enterprise_data_quality
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle retail_financial_integration
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle primavera_p6_enterprise_project_portfolio_management
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle rapid_planning
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle retail_bulk_data_integration
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle communications_network_integrity
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_product_manufacturing
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle retail_store_inventory_management
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle retail_advanced_inventory_planning
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle retail_assortment_planning
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle time_and_labor
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle healthcare_data_repository
CVE-2019-17091	affect_product	oracle retail_invoice_matching
CVE-2019-17091	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-1000400	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000400	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000400	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2021-26074	affect_library	com.atlassian.connect/atlassian-connect-spring-boot-starter
CVE-2021-26074	affect_product	atlassian connect_spring_boot
CVE-2021-26074	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2022-0538	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2022-0538	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2022-0538	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10353	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2019-10353	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-10353	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2021-38296	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.12
CVE-2021-38296	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.11
CVE-2021-38296	affect_product	apache spark
CVE-2021-38296	affect_product	oracle financial_services_crime_and_compliance_management_studio
CVE-2021-38296	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-294
CVE-2019-10309	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm
CVE-2019-10309	affect_product	jenkins self-organizing_swarm_modules
CVE-2019-10309	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2022-23560	affect_library	org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite
CVE-2022-23560	affect_product	google tensorflow
CVE-2022-23560	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-125
CVE-2020-5411	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-core
CVE-2020-5411	affect_library	org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-core
CVE-2020-5411	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_batch
CVE-2020-5411	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-2305	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mercurial
CVE-2020-2305	affect_product	jenkins mercurial
CVE-2018-1000134	affect_library	com.unboundid/unboundid-ldapsdk
CVE-2018-1000134	affect_product	pingidentity ldapsdk
CVE-2018-1000134	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-521
CVE-2013-2135	affect_library	com.opensymphony/xwork-core
CVE-2013-2135	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2013-2135	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2013-2135	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2013-2135	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2019-17569	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat
CVE-2019-17569	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2019-17569	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	apache tomee
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	netapp data_availability_services
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	oracle transportation_management
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_empirica_signal
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	oracle workload_manager
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2019-17569	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_empirica_inspections
CVE-2019-17569	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2019-10444	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bumblebee
CVE-2019-10444	affect_product	jenkins bumblebee_hp_alm
CVE-2019-10444	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2018-1000114	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/promoted-builds
CVE-2018-1000114	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/promoted-builds
CVE-2018-1000114	affect_library	org.hudsonci.plugins/promoted-builds
CVE-2018-1000114	affect_product	jenkins promoted_builds
CVE-2018-1000114	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2019-10249	affect_library	org.eclipse.xtext/org.eclipse.xtext.maven.parent
CVE-2019-10249	affect_product	eclipse xtend
CVE-2019-10249	affect_product	eclipse xtext
CVE-2019-10249	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-116
CVE-2012-0394	affect_library	opensymphony/xwork
CVE-2012-0394	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2012-0394	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2012-0394	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2020-11989	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-core
CVE-2020-11989	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-all
CVE-2020-11989	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-web
CVE-2020-11989	affect_product	apache shiro
CVE-2019-12399	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka
CVE-2019-12399	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12
CVE-2019-12399	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11
CVE-2019-12399	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/connect-runtime
CVE-2019-12399	affect_product	apache kafka
CVE-2019-12399	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2019-12399	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-12399	affect_product	oracle flexcube_universal_banking
CVE-2019-12399	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2019-12399	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance_process_management
CVE-2019-12399	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2019-12399	affect_product	oracle banking_liquidity_management
CVE-2019-12399	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2019-12399	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2019-12399	affect_product	oracle banking_payments
CVE-2019-12399	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2019-12399	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2019-12399	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2019-16563	affect_library	tech.andrey.jenkins/mission-control-view
CVE-2019-16563	affect_product	jenkins mission_control
CVE-2019-16563	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-6836	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser
CVE-2020-6836	affect_product	hot-formula-parser_project hot-formula-parser
CVE-2020-6836	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2020-2177	affect_library	org.fedoraproject.jenkins.plugins/copr
CVE-2020-2177	affect_product	jenkins copr
CVE-2020-2177	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-312
CVE-2018-1999006	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1999006	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1999006	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-2190	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2020-2190	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2020-2190	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2014-3666	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-3666	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2014-3666	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2014-3666	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2019-0221	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2019-0221	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2019-0221	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2019-0221	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-11284	affect_library	io.projectreactor.netty/reactor-netty
CVE-2019-11284	affect_product	pivotal reactor_netty
CVE-2019-11284	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2020-1945	affect_library	org.apache.ant/ant-junitlauncher
CVE-2020-1945	affect_library	org.apache.ant/ant
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	apache ant
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle flexcube_investor_servicing
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_store_inventory_management
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle enterprise_repository
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_bulk_data_integration
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-service
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_studio
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_financial_integration
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle communications_metasolv_solution
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle rapid_planning
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_advanced_inventory_planning
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle communications_order_and_service_management
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle real-time_decision_server
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle banking_liquidity_management
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_extract_transform_and_load
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_size_profile_optimization
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_replenishment_optimization
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_regular_price_optimization
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandise_financial_planning
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_macro_space_optimization
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_item_planning
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_data_extractor_for_merchandising
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle retail_assortment_planning
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle category_management_planning_\\&_optimization
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_collections
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle communications_asap
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_information_manager
CVE-2020-1945	affect_product	oracle timesten_in-memory_database
CVE-2020-1945	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-668
CVE-2019-15558	affect_library	com.icthh.xm.commons/xm-commons-migration-db
CVE-2019-15558	affect_product	xm-online xm\\^online_2_-_common_utils_and_endpoints
CVE-2019-15558	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2016-8735	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote
CVE-2016-8735	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2016-8735	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2020-2145	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management
CVE-2020-2145	affect_product	jenkins zephyr_enterprise_test_management
CVE-2020-2145	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2011-4838	affect_library	org.jruby/jruby-complete
CVE-2011-4838	affect_product	jruby jruby
CVE-2011-4838	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2018-11765	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-main
CVE-2018-11765	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client
CVE-2018-11765	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common
CVE-2018-11765	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2018-11765	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2017-3589	affect_library	mysql/mysql-connector-java
CVE-2017-3589	affect_product	oracle connector\\/j
CVE-2020-2157	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/skytap
CVE-2020-2157	affect_product	jenkins skytap_cloud_ci
CVE-2020-2157	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2018-1000194	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000194	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000194	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2018-1000194	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-1003056	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer
CVE-2019-1003056	affect_product	jenkins websphere_deployer
CVE-2019-1003056	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2017-11467	affect_library	com.orientechnologies/orientdb-core
CVE-2017-11467	affect_product	orientdb orientdb
CVE-2017-11467	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-269
CVE-2018-8034	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2018-8034	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket
CVE-2018-8034	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket
CVE-2018-8034	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2018-8034	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-8034	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2018-8034	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2018-8034	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2012-2672	affect_library	org.glassfish/javax.faces
CVE-2012-2672	affect_product	oracle mojarra
CVE-2020-2160	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2020-2160	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2020-2160	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2021-22119	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2021-22119	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client
CVE-2021-22119	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-client
CVE-2021-22119	affect_product	vmware spring_security
CVE-2021-22119	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-22119	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2012-5785	affect_library	org.apache.axis2/axis2
CVE-2012-5785	affect_product	apache axis2
CVE-2012-5785	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-2206	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncrecorder
CVE-2020-2206	affect_product	jenkins vncrecorder
CVE-2020-2206	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10099	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10
CVE-2019-10099	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11
CVE-2019-10099	affect_product	apache spark
CVE-2019-10099	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-312
CVE-2013-4002	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xerces
CVE-2013-4002	affect_library	xerces/xercesImpl
CVE-2013-4002	affect_library	apache-xerces/xercesImpl
CVE-2013-4002	affect_library	xerces/xerces
CVE-2013-4002	affect_product	ibm java
CVE-2013-4002	affect_product	oracle jre
CVE-2013-4002	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2013-4002	affect_product	oracle jrockit
CVE-2013-4002	affect_product	ibm sterling_b2b_integrator
CVE-2013-4002	affect_product	suse linux_enterprise_desktop
CVE-2013-4002	affect_product	suse linux_enterprise_server
CVE-2013-4002	affect_product	opensuse opensuse
CVE-2013-4002	affect_product	suse linux_enterprise_sdk
CVE-2013-4002	affect_product	suse linux_enterprise_java
CVE-2013-4002	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2013-4002	affect_product	apache xerces2_java
CVE-2017-9791	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-struts1-plugin
CVE-2017-9791	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2017-9791	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2017-12160	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2017-12160	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2017-12160	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2019-1003000	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2019-1003000	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2019-1003000	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-1000602	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saml
CVE-2018-1000602	affect_product	jenkins saml
CVE-2018-1000602	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-384
CVE-2020-2112	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.tools/git-parameter
CVE-2020-2112	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter
CVE-2020-2112	affect_product	jenkins git_parameter
CVE-2020-2112	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2015-5320	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-5320	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2015-5320	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-5320	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-10298	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/koji
CVE-2019-10298	affect_product	jenkins koji
CVE-2019-10298	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2018-15756	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2018-15756	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web
CVE-2018-15756	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration_j2ee
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle retail_invoice_matching
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_integrator
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle healthcare_master_person_index
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle insurance_calculation_engine
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle retail_assortment_planning
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle communications_converged_application_server_-_service_controller
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle communications_online_mediation_controller
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle retail_clearance_optimization_engine
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle retail_financial_integration
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle rapid_planning
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_fusion_applications
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle identity_manager_connector
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle tape_library_acsls
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle retail_advanced_inventory_planning
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle communications_brm_-_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle retail_markdown_optimization
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	oracle primavera_analytics
CVE-2018-15756	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-10284	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/diawi-upload
CVE-2019-10284	affect_product	jenkins diawi_upload
CVE-2019-10284	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-1003005	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2019-1003005	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2020-7774	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/y18n
CVE-2020-7774	affect_product	y18n_project y18n
CVE-2020-7774	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2020-7774	affect_product	siemens sinec_infrastructure_network_services
CVE-2020-7774	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2018-5968	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2018-5968	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2018-5968	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-5968	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-5968	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_web_services_proxy
CVE-2018-5968	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_os_controller
CVE-2018-5968	affect_product	netapp oncommand_shift
CVE-2018-5968	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-184
CVE-2017-14063	affect_library	org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client-api
CVE-2017-14063	affect_library	org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client
CVE-2017-14063	affect_product	asynchttpclient_project async-http-client
CVE-2017-14063	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-0195	affect_library	org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core
CVE-2019-0195	affect_product	apache tapestry
CVE-2019-0195	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2021-23337	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/lodash
CVE-2021-23337	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/lodash
CVE-2021-23337	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string
CVE-2021-23337	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/floatthead
CVE-2021-23337	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/FlipClock
CVE-2021-23337	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/lodash-es
CVE-2021-23337	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.alex-saunders/sliding-pages
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	lodash lodash
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle enterprise_communications_broker
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance_process_management
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle communications_session_border_controller
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle communications_design_studio
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_data_management_workbench
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	oracle financial_services_crime_and_compliance_management_studio
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	netapp cloud_manager
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	netapp system_manager
CVE-2021-23337	affect_product	siemens sinec_ins
CVE-2021-23337	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2017-2582	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2017-2582	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-saml-core
CVE-2017-2582	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2017-2582	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-10203	affect_library	org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-core
CVE-2020-10203	affect_product	sonatype nexus
CVE-2020-10203	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2008-6682	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2008-6682	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2008-6682	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2273	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elastest
CVE-2020-2273	affect_product	jenkins elastest
CVE-2020-2273	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2015-8854	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/marked
CVE-2015-8854	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/md-data-table
CVE-2015-8854	affect_library	org.webjars/marked
CVE-2015-8854	affect_product	marked_project marked
CVE-2015-8854	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2015-8854	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1333
CVE-2014-0363	affect_library	jivesoftware/smack
CVE-2014-0363	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.smack
CVE-2014-0363	affect_product	igniterealtime smack
CVE-2014-0363	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2019-16538	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2019-16538	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2019-16538	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2020-7766	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/json-ptr
CVE-2020-7766	affect_product	json-ptr_project json-ptr
CVE-2020-7766	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2019-19135	affect_library	org.eclipse.milo/stack-client
CVE-2019-19135	affect_library	org.eclipse.milo/stack-server
CVE-2019-19135	affect_library	org.eclipse.milo/sdk-server
CVE-2019-19135	affect_library	org.eclipse.milo/stack-core
CVE-2019-19135	affect_library	org.eclipse.milo/sdk-client
CVE-2019-19135	affect_product	opcfoundation ua-.netstandard
CVE-2019-19135	affect_product	opcfoundation netstandard.opc.ua
CVE-2019-19135	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-330
CVE-2018-7307	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/auth0.js
CVE-2018-7307	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/auth0-js
CVE-2018-7307	affect_product	auth0 auth0.js
CVE-2018-7307	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-25803	affect_library	org.craftercms/crafter-studio
CVE-2020-25803	affect_product	craftercms studio
CVE-2020-25803	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-913
CVE-2021-21350	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8
CVE-2021-21350	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream
CVE-2021-21350	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-21350	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-21350	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-21350	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-21350	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2021-21350	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2021-21350	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-21350	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-21350	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2021-21350	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2021-21350	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-21350	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-21350	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-21350	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2021-21350	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-5661	affect_library	org.apache.xmlgraphics/fop
CVE-2017-5661	affect_product	apache formatting_objects_processor
CVE-2017-5661	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-5231	affect_library	org.opencastproject/opencast-kernel
CVE-2020-5231	affect_product	apereo opencast
CVE-2020-5231	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2019-11777	affect_library	org.eclipse.paho/org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3
CVE-2019-11777	affect_product	eclipse paho_java_client
CVE-2019-11777	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-346
CVE-2020-2309	affect_library	org.csanchez.jenkins.plugins/kubernetes
CVE-2020-2309	affect_product	jenkins kubernetes
CVE-2018-1261	affect_library	org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-zip
CVE-2018-1261	affect_product	vmware spring_integration_zip
CVE-2018-1261	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-2109	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps
CVE-2020-2109	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2020-2109	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-1003007	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/warnings
CVE-2019-1003007	affect_product	jenkins warnings
CVE-2019-1003007	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-2176	affect_library	it.infuse.jenkins/usemango-runner
CVE-2020-2176	affect_product	jenkins usemango_runner
CVE-2020-2176	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-16869	affect_library	io.netty/netty
CVE-2019-16869	affect_library	org.jboss.netty/netty
CVE-2019-16869	affect_library	io.netty/netty-codec-http
CVE-2019-16869	affect_library	io.netty/netty-all
CVE-2019-16869	affect_product	netty netty
CVE-2019-16869	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-16869	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-16869	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2019-10248	affect_library	org.eclipse.vorto/parent
CVE-2019-10248	affect_library	org.eclipse.vorto/repository-core
CVE-2019-10248	affect_library	org.eclipse.vorto/generator-runner
CVE-2019-10248	affect_library	org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server-config
CVE-2019-10248	affect_library	org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.core
CVE-2019-10248	affect_library	org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.mapping.ui
CVE-2019-10248	affect_library	org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server
CVE-2019-10248	affect_library	org.eclipse.vorto/mapping-core
CVE-2019-10248	affect_library	org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.functionblock.ide
CVE-2019-10248	affect_product	eclipse vorto
CVE-2019-10248	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-669
CVE-2019-10282	affect_library	hudson.plugins.klaros/klaros-testmanagement
CVE-2019-10282	affect_product	jenkins klaros-testmanagement
CVE-2019-10282	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2020-24707	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/papaparse
CVE-2020-24707	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/papaparse
CVE-2020-24707	affect_product	getgophish gophish
CVE-2020-24707	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1236
CVE-2019-20921	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bootstrap-select
CVE-2019-20921	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.snapappointments/bootstrap-select
CVE-2019-20921	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.thdoan/bootstrap-select
CVE-2019-20921	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/patternfly
CVE-2019-20921	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-select
CVE-2019-20921	affect_library	org.webjars/bootstrap-select
CVE-2019-20921	affect_product	snapappointments bootstrap-select
CVE-2019-20921	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10411	affect_library	com.inedo.buildmaster/inedo-buildmaster
CVE-2019-10411	affect_product	jenkins inedo_buildmaster
CVE-2019-10411	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2016-2537	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/is-my-json-valid
CVE-2016-2537	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2016-2537	affect_product	is_my_json_valid_project is_my_json_valid
CVE-2016-2537	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2016-2175	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/xmpbox
CVE-2016-2175	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/jempbox
CVE-2016-2175	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/debugger-app
CVE-2016-2175	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-app
CVE-2016-2175	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/preflight-app
CVE-2016-2175	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox
CVE-2016-2175	affect_product	apache pdfbox
CVE-2016-2175	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-2612	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-2612	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-2612	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-732
CVE-2017-7660	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2017-7660	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2017-7660	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2013-4517	affect_library	xml-security/xmlsec
CVE-2013-4517	affect_library	org.apache.santuario/xmlsec
CVE-2013-4517	affect_product	apache santuario_xml_security_for_java
CVE-2017-1000094	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/docker-commons
CVE-2017-1000094	affect_product	jenkins docker_commons
CVE-2017-1000094	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2015-7940	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk14
CVE-2015-7940	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on
CVE-2015-7940	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15+
CVE-2015-7940	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2015-7940	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2015-7940	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2015-7940	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2015-7940	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2015-7940	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16
CVE-2015-7940	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2015-7940	affect_product	opensuse opensuse
CVE-2015-7940	affect_product	bouncycastle bouncy_castle_crypto_package
CVE-2015-7940	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2015-7940	affect_product	oracle virtual_desktop_infrastructure
CVE-2015-7940	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2015-7940	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2021-31811	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-parent
CVE-2021-31811	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-app
CVE-2021-31811	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox
CVE-2021-31811	affect_product	apache pdfbox
CVE-2021-31811	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-31811	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2021-31811	affect_product	oracle flexcube_universal_banking
CVE-2021-31811	affect_product	oracle outside_in_technology
CVE-2021-31811	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2021-31811	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2021-31811	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2021-31811	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2021-31811	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2021-31811	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance
CVE-2021-31811	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2021-31811	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2018-1330	affect_library	org.apache.mesos/mesos
CVE-2018-1330	affect_product	apache mesos
CVE-2018-1330	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2015-5531	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch
CVE-2015-5531	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2015-5531	affect_product	elasticsearch elasticsearch
CVE-2015-5531	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2013-2027	affect_library	org.python/jython
CVE-2013-2027	affect_product	opensuse opensuse
CVE-2013-2027	affect_product	jython_project jython
CVE-2020-7733	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js
CVE-2020-7733	affect_product	ua-parser-js_project ua-parser-js
CVE-2020-7733	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_function_cloud_native_environment
CVE-2020-7733	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2015-6254	affect_library	org.picketlink/picketlink-federation
CVE-2015-6254	affect_library	org.picketlink/picketlink-common
CVE-2015-6254	affect_library	org.picketlink/picketlink-tomcat-common
CVE-2015-6254	affect_product	picketlink picketlink
CVE-2020-24704	affect_library	org.wso2.carbon/org.wso2.carbon.ui
CVE-2020-24704	affect_product	wso2 identity_server
CVE-2020-24704	affect_product	wso2 enterprise_integrator
CVE-2020-24704	affect_product	wso2 api_microgateway
CVE-2020-24704	affect_product	wso2 api_manager_analytics
CVE-2020-24704	affect_product	wso2 iot_server
CVE-2020-24704	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_analytics
CVE-2020-24704	affect_product	wso2 data_analytics_server
CVE-2020-24704	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_as_key_manager
CVE-2020-24704	affect_product	wso2 api_manager
CVE-2020-24704	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-28052	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16
CVE-2020-28052	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk16
CVE-2020-28052	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2020-28052	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15to18
CVE-2020-28052	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2020-28052	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2020-28052	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2020-28052	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on
CVE-2020-28052	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2020-28052	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk14
CVE-2020-28052	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	apache karaf
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_slice_selection_function
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle communications_application_session_controller
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle communications_convergence
CVE-2020-28052	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2010-3708	affect_library	org.drools/drools-core
CVE-2010-3708	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2010-3708	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_soa_platform
CVE-2010-3708	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-2306	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mercurial
CVE-2020-2306	affect_product	jenkins mercurial
CVE-2020-2323	affect_library	io.jenkins.plugins/chaos-monkey
CVE-2020-2323	affect_product	netflix chaos_monkey
CVE-2020-2323	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-35200	affect_library	org.igniterealtime.openfire.plugins/clientControl
CVE-2020-35200	affect_product	igniterealtime openfire
CVE-2020-35200	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-9787	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2017-9787	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2017-9787	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2019-10350	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/port-allocator
CVE-2019-10350	affect_product	jenkins port_allocator
CVE-2019-10350	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-312
CVE-2015-2156	affect_library	org.jboss.netty/netty
CVE-2015-2156	affect_library	io.netty/netty-handler
CVE-2015-2156	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty
CVE-2015-2156	affect_library	io.netty/netty-codec-http
CVE-2015-2156	affect_library	io.netty/netty-all
CVE-2015-2156	affect_library	io.netty/netty
CVE-2015-2156	affect_product	netty netty
CVE-2015-2156	affect_product	playframework play_framework
CVE-2015-2156	affect_product	lightbend play_framework
CVE-2015-2156	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2014-3709	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2014-3709	affect_product	keycloak keycloak
CVE-2014-3709	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2014-3576	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-core
CVE-2014-3576	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker
CVE-2014-3576	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-all
CVE-2014-3576	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2014-3576	affect_product	oracle business_intelligence_publisher
CVE-2014-3576	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware
CVE-2017-1000103	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/dry
CVE-2017-1000103	affect_product	jenkins dry
CVE-2017-1000103	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-14637	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2018-14637	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2018-14637	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-broker-saml
CVE-2018-14637	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2018-14637	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2014-5326	affect_library	org.directwebremoting/dwr
CVE-2014-5326	affect_product	directwebremoting direct_web_remoting
CVE-2014-5326	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-5650	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2017-5650	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2017-5650	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2017-5650	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-404
CVE-2018-17247	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2018-17247	affect_product	elastic elasticsearch
CVE-2018-17247	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2014-3623	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf
CVE-2014-3623	affect_library	org.apache.wss4j/wss4j
CVE-2014-3623	affect_library	org.apache.ws.security/wss4j
CVE-2014-3623	affect_library	org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-stax
CVE-2014-3623	affect_library	org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-dom
CVE-2014-3623	affect_library	wss4j/wss4j
CVE-2014-3623	affect_product	apache wss4j
CVE-2014-3623	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2014-3623	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2018-1000105	affect_library	com.sonyericsson.hudson.plugins.gerrit/gerrit-trigger
CVE-2018-1000105	affect_library	org.hudsonci.plugins/gerrit-trigger
CVE-2018-1000105	affect_product	jenkins gerrit_trigger
CVE-2018-1000105	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2014-3579	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector
CVE-2014-3579	affect_product	apache activemq_apollo
CVE-2014-3579	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-1000412	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira
CVE-2018-1000412	affect_product	jenkins jira
CVE-2018-1000412	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2017-1000104	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider
CVE-2017-1000104	affect_product	jenkins config_file_provider
CVE-2017-1000104	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-269
CVE-2020-25711	affect_library	org.infinispan/infinispan-server-rest
CVE-2020-25711	affect_library	org.infinispan/infinispan-core
CVE-2020-25711	affect_library	org.infinispan/infinispan-server-runtime
CVE-2020-25711	affect_product	infinispan infinispan
CVE-2020-25711	affect_product	redhat data_grid
CVE-2020-25711	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-25711	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2018-1314	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc
CVE-2018-1314	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-exec
CVE-2018-1314	affect_product	apache hive
CVE-2018-1314	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2017-5656	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-security
CVE-2017-5656	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security
CVE-2017-5656	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2017-5656	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-384
CVE-2019-14772	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/verdaccio
CVE-2019-14772	affect_product	verdaccio verdaccio
CVE-2019-14772	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-3775	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-model
CVE-2019-3775	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-client-lib
CVE-2019-3775	affect_product	cloudfoundry uaa_release
CVE-2019-3775	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2017-15691	affect_library	org.apache.uima/uimaj-examples
CVE-2017-15691	affect_library	org.apache.uima/jVinci
CVE-2017-15691	affect_library	org.apache.uima/uimaj-core
CVE-2017-15691	affect_library	org.apache.uima/uimaj-tools
CVE-2017-15691	affect_library	org.apache.uima/uimaj-adapter-vinci
CVE-2017-15691	affect_product	apache uimaj
CVE-2017-15691	affect_product	apache uima-as
CVE-2017-15691	affect_product	apache uimafit
CVE-2017-15691	affect_product	apache uimaducc
CVE-2017-15691	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-1000085	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion
CVE-2017-1000085	affect_product	jenkins subversion
CVE-2017-1000085	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2012-2379	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security
CVE-2012-2379	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2013-3827	affect_library	com.sun.faces/jsf-impl
CVE-2013-3827	affect_library	org.glassfish/javax.faces
CVE-2013-3827	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware
CVE-2016-8749	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-jacksonxml
CVE-2016-8749	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-jackson
CVE-2016-8749	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2016-8749	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2021-21346	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream
CVE-2021-21346	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8
CVE-2021-21346	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-21346	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-21346	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-21346	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-21346	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2021-21346	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-21346	affect_product	oracle bi_publisher
CVE-2021-21346	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-21346	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2021-21346	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2021-21346	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-21346	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-21346	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-21346	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2021-21346	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-9546	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle financial_services_price_creation_and_discovery
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle financial_services_institutional_performance_analytics
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration_j2ee
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle financial_services_retail_customer_analytics
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle retail_sales_audit
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-9546	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-9546	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-12616	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2017-12616	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2017-12616	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2017-12616	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-2281	affect_library	org.6wind.jenkins/lockable-resources
CVE-2020-2281	affect_product	jenkins lockable_resources
CVE-2020-2281	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-1000394	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000394	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000394	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-1000106	affect_library	com.sonyericsson.hudson.plugins.gerrit/gerrit-trigger
CVE-2018-1000106	affect_library	org.hudsonci.plugins/gerrit-trigger
CVE-2018-1000106	affect_product	jenkins gerrit_trigger
CVE-2018-1000106	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2020-10683	affect_library	dom4j/dom4j
CVE-2020-10683	affect_library	org.dom4j/dom4j
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	dom4j_project dom4j
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration_j2ee
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle flexcube_core_banking
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_integrator
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle enterprise_data_quality
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle primavera_p6_enterprise_project_portfolio_management
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle rapid_planning
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle jdeveloper
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle communications_application_session_controller
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_information_manager
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_empirica_signal
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle storagetek_tape_analytics_sw_tool
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle retail_price_management
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	netapp oncommand_api_services
CVE-2020-10683	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2020-10683	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2022-25187	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/support-core
CVE-2022-25187	affect_product	jenkins support_core
CVE-2022-25187	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-212
CVE-2020-2169	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/queue-cleanup
CVE-2020-2169	affect_product	jenkins queue_cleanup
CVE-2020-2169	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-0790	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2016-0790	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2016-0790	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2016-0790	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2014-9635	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2016-3725	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2016-3725	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2016-3725	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2011-5063	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2011-5063	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2011-5063	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-5063	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-5063	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2011-5063	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2014-3526	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket-core
CVE-2014-3526	affect_product	apache wicket
CVE-2014-3526	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-9487	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security
CVE-2020-9487	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2020-9487	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-306
CVE-2014-0086	affect_library	org.richfaces.core/richfaces-core-impl
CVE-2014-0086	affect_product	redhat richfaces
CVE-2014-0086	affect_product	redhat jboss_web_framework_kit
CVE-2014-0086	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-7651	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2018-7651	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2018-7651	affect_product	ssri_project ssri
CVE-2018-7651	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2020-2166	affect_library	de.taimos/pipeline-aws
CVE-2020-2166	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2020-2166	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2016-4467	affect_library	org.apache.qpid/proton-project
CVE-2016-4467	affect_product	apache qpid_proton
CVE-2016-4467	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2018-1313	affect_library	org.apache.derby/derbynet
CVE-2018-1313	affect_library	org.apache.derby/derbyclient
CVE-2018-1313	affect_library	org.apache.derby/derbytools
CVE-2018-1313	affect_library	org.apache.derby/derby
CVE-2018-1313	affect_product	apache derby
CVE-2018-1313	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2014-0046	affect_library	org.webjars/emberjs
CVE-2014-0046	affect_product	emberjs ember.js
CVE-2014-0046	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1331	affect_library	org.apache.storm/storm-core
CVE-2018-1331	affect_product	apache storm
CVE-2020-13883	affect_library	org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.lcm
CVE-2020-13883	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_as_key_manager
CVE-2020-13883	affect_product	wso2 api_microgateway
CVE-2020-13883	affect_product	wso2 api_manager
CVE-2020-13883	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-10426	affect_library	net.arangamani.jenkins/gem-publisher
CVE-2019-10426	affect_product	jenkins gem_publisher
CVE-2019-10426	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2016-4464	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2
CVE-2016-4464	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring
CVE-2016-4464	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-core
CVE-2016-4464	affect_product	apache cxf_fediz
CVE-2016-4464	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2017-7957	affect_library	xstream/xstream
CVE-2017-7957	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream
CVE-2017-7957	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2017-7957	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2017-7957	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-7957	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2022-23898	affect_library	net.mingsoft/ms-mcms
CVE-2022-23898	affect_product	mingsoft mcms
CVE-2022-23898	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2022-24947	affect_library	org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-main
CVE-2022-24947	affect_product	apache jspwiki
CVE-2022-24947	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2014-7810	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-el
CVE-2014-7810	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-el-api
CVE-2014-7810	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/el-api
CVE-2014-7810	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-jasper
CVE-2014-7810	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper
CVE-2014-7810	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/jasper
CVE-2014-7810	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2014-7810	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2014-7810	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2019-10431	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2019-10431	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2019-10431	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2019-9513	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	apache traffic_server
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	synology skynas
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	synology diskstation_manager
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	redhat software_collections
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	redhat jboss_core_services
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	redhat quay
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	redhat openshift_service_mesh
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	mcafee web_gateway
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	f5 nginx
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	oracle enterprise_communications_broker
CVE-2019-9513	affect_product	nodejs node.js
CVE-2012-5882	affect_library	org.webjars/yui
CVE-2012-5882	affect_product	yahoo yui
CVE-2012-5882	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-16566	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/teamconcert
CVE-2019-16566	affect_product	jenkins team_concert
CVE-2019-16566	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2010-4172	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2010-4172	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2010-4172	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2010-4172	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2010-4172	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-11605	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-sass
CVE-2017-11605	affect_product	libsass libsass
CVE-2017-11605	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-125
CVE-2022-25181	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib
CVE-2022-25181	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2019-16559	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer
CVE-2019-16559	affect_product	jenkins websphere_deployer
CVE-2019-16559	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2019-10094	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-core
CVE-2019-10094	affect_product	apache tika
CVE-2019-10094	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2019-19343	affect_library	org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting
CVE-2019-19343	affect_product	redhat jboss-remoting
CVE-2019-19343	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2019-19343	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-19343	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2019-19343	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-404
CVE-2018-1000056	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit
CVE-2018-1000056	affect_product	jenkins junit
CVE-2018-1000056	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-1000665	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojo
CVE-2018-1000665	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/dojo
CVE-2018-1000665	affect_library	org.webjars/dojo
CVE-2018-1000665	affect_product	dojotoolkit dojo
CVE-2018-1000665	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-10992	affect_library	com.linkedin.azkaban/azkaban-common
CVE-2020-10992	affect_product	azkaban_project azkaban
CVE-2020-10992	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2014-3584	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml
CVE-2014-3584	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2014-3680	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-3680	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2014-3680	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2014-3680	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-14820	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2019-14820	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-adapter-core
CVE-2019-14820	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2019-14820	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2019-14820	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-14820	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2017-4952	affect_library	com.vmware.xenon/xenon-common
CVE-2017-4952	affect_product	vmware xenon
CVE-2017-4952	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-732
CVE-2009-2902	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2009-2902	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2009-2902	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2009-2902	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2015-5326	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-5326	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-5326	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2015-5326	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1000404	affect_library	com.amazonaws/aws-codebuild
CVE-2018-1000404	affect_product	jenkins aws_codebuild
CVE-2018-1000404	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2017-2649	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/active-directory
CVE-2017-2649	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory
CVE-2017-2649	affect_product	jenkins active_directory
CVE-2017-2649	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2015-9251	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery
CVE-2015-9251	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker
CVE-2015-9251	affect_library	org.webjars/jquery
CVE-2015-9251	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/angular-timer
CVE-2015-9251	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui
CVE-2015-9251	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist
CVE-2015-9251	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jquery
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	jquery jquery
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle service_bus
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle jdeveloper
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle financial_services_market_risk_measurement_and_management
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle agile_product_lifecycle_management_for_process
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware_mapviewer
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle retail_sales_audit
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle hospitality_reporting_and_analytics
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_insights
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle communications_converged_application_server
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle communications_webrtc_session_controller
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle retail_workforce_management_software
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle insurance_insbridge_rating_and_underwriting
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle healthcare_foundation
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle hospitality_cruise_fleet_management
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle retail_allocation
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle retail_invoice_matching
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle oss_support_tools
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle real-time_scheduler
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle utilities_mobile_workforce_management
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle financial_services_reconciliation_framework
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle financial_services_profitability_management
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle financial_services_loan_loss_forecasting_and_provisioning
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle financial_services_liquidity_risk_management
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle financial_services_hedge_management_and_ifrs_valuations
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle financial_services_funds_transfer_pricing
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle financial_services_data_integration_hub
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle financial_services_asset_liability_management
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle enterprise_operations_monitor
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle communications_interactive_session_recorder
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle hospitality_materials_control
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_studio
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle healthcare_translational_research
CVE-2015-9251	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2015-9251	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10459	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mattermost
CVE-2019-10459	affect_product	jenkins mattermost_notification
CVE-2019-10459	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2013-4374	affect_library	org.rhq/drift-mongodb-serverplugin
CVE-2013-4374	affect_product	redhat rhq_mongo_db_drift_server
CVE-2013-4374	affect_product	redhat jboss_operations_network
CVE-2013-4374	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-668
CVE-2019-1003062	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher
CVE-2019-1003062	affect_product	jenkins aws_cloudwatch_logs_publisher
CVE-2019-1003062	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2018-1000408	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000408	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-3337	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch
CVE-2015-3337	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2015-3337	affect_product	elasticsearch elasticsearch
CVE-2015-3337	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-2198	affect_library	hudson.plugins/project-inheritance
CVE-2020-2198	affect_product	jenkins project_inheritance
CVE-2020-2198	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10279	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-reviewbot
CVE-2019-10279	affect_product	jenkins jenkins-reviewbot
CVE-2019-10279	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2021-36090	affect_library	org.apache.commons/commons-compress
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	apache commons_compress
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle flexcube_universal_banking
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle financial_services_enterprise_case_management
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle healthcare_data_repository
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle banking_party_management
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle banking_apis
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_service_communication_proxy
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle banking_payments
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_intelligence_hub
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	oracle financial_services_crime_and_compliance_management_studio
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2021-36090	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2019-10331	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/electricflow
CVE-2019-10331	affect_product	jenkins electricflow
CVE-2019-10331	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-1003073	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsts-cd
CVE-2019-1003073	affect_product	jenkins vs_team_services_continuous_deployment
CVE-2019-1003073	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2018-1000183	affect_library	com.coravy.hudson.plugins.github/github
CVE-2018-1000183	affect_product	jenkins github
CVE-2018-1000183	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2016-2427	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-2427	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2016-2427	affect_product	google android
CVE-2016-2427	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-10289	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan
CVE-2019-10289	affect_product	jenkins netsparker_cloud_scan
CVE-2019-10289	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-20445	affect_library	io.netty/netty
CVE-2019-20445	affect_library	io.netty/netty-handler
CVE-2019-20445	affect_library	org.jboss.netty/netty
CVE-2019-20445	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty
CVE-2019-20445	affect_library	io.netty/netty-codec-http
CVE-2019-20445	affect_library	io.netty/netty-all
CVE-2019-20445	affect_product	netty netty
CVE-2019-20445	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-20445	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-20445	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-20445	affect_product	apache spark
CVE-2019-20445	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2021-35515	affect_library	org.apache.commons/commons-compress
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	apache commons_compress
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle flexcube_universal_banking
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle financial_services_enterprise_case_management
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle healthcare_data_repository
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle banking_party_management
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_service_communication_proxy
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle banking_payments
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_intelligence_hub
CVE-2021-35515	affect_product	oracle financial_services_crime_and_compliance_management_studio
CVE-2021-35515	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2018-11771	affect_library	org.apache.commons/commons-compress
CVE-2018-11771	affect_product	apache commons_compress
CVE-2018-11771	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2018-11771	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2018-1324	affect_library	org.apache.commons/commons-compress
CVE-2018-1324	affect_product	apache commons_compress
CVE-2018-1324	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2018-1324	affect_product	oracle mysql_cluster
CVE-2018-1324	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2008-1232	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2008-1232	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2008-1232	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2008-1232	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2008-1232	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2012-5886	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2012-5886	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2012-5886	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2012-5886	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2012-5886	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2012-5886	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2020-2295	affect_library	org.jkva.maven-plugins/cascading-release-maven-plugin
CVE-2020-2295	affect_library	com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade
CVE-2020-2295	affect_product	barchart maven_cascade_release
CVE-2020-2295	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-2171	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rapiddeploy-jenkins
CVE-2020-2171	affect_product	jenkins rapiddeploy
CVE-2020-2171	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-1000862	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000862	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.main/hudson-core
CVE-2018-1000862	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000862	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-1000862	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2021-21351	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8
CVE-2021-21351	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream
CVE-2021-21351	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-21351	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-21351	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-21351	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-21351	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2021-21351	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-21351	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-21351	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2021-21351	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2021-21351	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-21351	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-21351	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-21351	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2021-21351	affect_product	oracle mysql_server
CVE-2021-21351	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-2188	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2
CVE-2020-2188	affect_product	jenkins amazon_ec2
CVE-2020-2188	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2018-15761	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-client-lib
CVE-2018-15761	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2018-15761	affect_product	pivotal_software cloudfoundry_uaa_release
CVE-2018-15761	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2017-18239	affect_library	com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.11
CVE-2017-18239	affect_library	com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.10
CVE-2017-18239	affect_library	com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.12
CVE-2017-18239	affect_product	authentikat-jwt_project authentikat-jwt
CVE-2019-10476	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zulip
CVE-2019-10476	affect_product	jenkins zulip
CVE-2019-10476	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2010-2057	affect_library	org.apache.myfaces.shared/myfaces-shared-impl
CVE-2010-2057	affect_library	org.apache.myfaces.commons/myfaces-commons
CVE-2010-2057	affect_library	org.apache.myfaces.shared/myfaces-shared-core
CVE-2010-2057	affect_library	org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-impl
CVE-2010-2057	affect_product	apache myfaces
CVE-2018-1000192	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000192	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000192	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2019-10292	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kmap-jenkins
CVE-2019-10292	affect_product	jenkins kmap
CVE-2019-10292	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2022-27202	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extended-choice-parameter
CVE-2022-27202	affect_product	jenkins extended_choice_parameter
CVE-2022-27202	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2015-0227	affect_library	org.apache.ws.security/wss4j
CVE-2015-0227	affect_library	org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-dom
CVE-2015-0227	affect_product	apache wss4j
CVE-2019-10433	affect_library	com.ztbsuper/dingding-notifications
CVE-2019-10433	affect_product	jenkins dingding
CVE-2019-10433	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-312
CVE-2020-10591	affect_library	com.walmartlabs.concord.server/concord-server-impl
CVE-2020-10591	affect_product	walmart concord
CVE-2021-46062	affect_library	net.mingsoft/ms-mcms
CVE-2021-46062	affect_product	mingsoft mcms
CVE-2016-9879	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2016-9879	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web
CVE-2016-9879	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-web
CVE-2016-9879	affect_product	vmware spring_security
CVE-2016-9879	affect_product	ibm websphere_application_server
CVE-2019-10316	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-microscanner
CVE-2019-10316	affect_product	jenkins aqua_microscanner
CVE-2019-10316	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10288	affect_library	de.e-nexus/jabber-server-plugin
CVE-2019-10288	affect_product	jenkins jabber_server
CVE-2019-10288	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2016-0733	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/ranger
CVE-2016-0733	affect_product	apache ranger
CVE-2016-0733	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2018-1271	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2018-1271	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.web.servlet
CVE-2018-1271	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc
CVE-2018-1271	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-webflux
CVE-2018-1271	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-webmvc
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle retail_open_commerce_platform
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle communications_performance_intelligence_center
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_information_manager
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle healthcare_master_person_index
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle insurance_calculation_engine
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_insights
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle tape_library_acsls
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle communications_converged_application_server
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle service_architecture_leveraging_tuxedo
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle big_data_discovery
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle goldengate_for_big_data
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-sale
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2018-1271	affect_product	oracle rapid_planning
CVE-2018-1271	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-11998	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker
CVE-2020-11998	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2020-11998	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-11998	affect_product	oracle enterprise_repository
CVE-2020-11998	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-11998	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-11998	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-11998	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2017-1000387	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-publisher
CVE-2017-1000387	affect_product	jenkins build-publisher
CVE-2017-1000387	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2014-0225	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web
CVE-2014-0225	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-oxm
CVE-2014-0225	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2014-0225	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-oxm
CVE-2014-0225	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_framework
CVE-2014-0225	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2014-0225	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-9489	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika
CVE-2020-9489	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-parsers
CVE-2020-9489	affect_product	apache tika
CVE-2020-9489	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-9489	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-9489	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-9489	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2020-9489	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2016-4000	affect_library	org.python/jython
CVE-2016-4000	affect_library	org.python/jython-standalone
CVE-2016-4000	affect_product	jython_project jython
CVE-2016-4000	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2016-4000	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-2253	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext
CVE-2020-2253	affect_product	jenkins email_extension
CVE-2020-2253	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2020-5421	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-framework-bom
CVE-2020-5421	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web
CVE-2020-5421	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.web
CVE-2020-5421	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_integrator
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle enterprise_data_quality
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle retail_invoice_matching
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle hyperion_infrastructure_technology
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle retail_bulk_data_integration
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle retail_assortment_planning
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle retail_financial_integration
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle healthcare_master_person_index
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle primavera_p6_enterprise_project_portfolio_management
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle communications_brm
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle storagetek_tape_analytics_sw_tool
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_engagement
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle communications_design_studio
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	oracle storagetek_acsls
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2020-5421	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2020-2140	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit-trail
CVE-2020-2140	affect_product	jenkins audit_trail
CVE-2020-2140	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2128	affect_library	com.catalogic.ecxjenkins/catalogic-ecx
CVE-2020-2128	affect_product	jenkins ecx_copy_data_management
CVE-2020-2128	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2018-20595	affect_library	org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-commons
CVE-2018-20595	affect_library	org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-authorization-oauth2-core
CVE-2018-20595	affect_library	org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-oauth2-client-web
CVE-2018-20595	affect_product	hsweb hsweb
CVE-2018-20595	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-2288	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit-trail
CVE-2020-2288	affect_product	jenkins audit_trail
CVE-2016-0781	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2016-0781	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-login
CVE-2016-0781	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_elastic_runtime
CVE-2016-0781	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2016-0781	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry
CVE-2016-0781	affect_product	pivotal_software login-server
CVE-2016-0781	affect_product	cloudfoundry cloud_foundry_uaa_bosh
CVE-2016-0781	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-1000114	affect_library	org.datadog.jenkins.plugins/datadog
CVE-2017-1000114	affect_product	jenkins datadog
CVE-2017-1000114	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2016-6345	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs
CVE-2016-6345	affect_product	redhat resteasy
CVE-2016-6345	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2015-5172	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common
CVE-2015-5172	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-scim
CVE-2015-5172	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-login
CVE-2015-5172	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_elastic_runtime
CVE-2015-5172	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2015-5172	affect_product	cloudfoundry cf-release
CVE-2015-5172	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-640
CVE-2015-1812	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-1812	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-1812	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2015-1812	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-4316	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2013-4316	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2013-4316	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2013-4316	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2013-4316	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2020-5219	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions
CVE-2020-5219	affect_product	peerigon angular-expressions
CVE-2020-5219	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2020-7014	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2020-7014	affect_product	elastic elasticsearch
CVE-2020-7014	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-269
CVE-2020-1727	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2020-1727	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2020-1727	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-10283	affect_library	com.mabl.integration.jenkins/mabl-integration
CVE-2019-10283	affect_product	jenkins mabl
CVE-2019-10283	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-3795	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-web
CVE-2019-3795	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core
CVE-2019-3795	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2019-3795	affect_product	vmware spring_security
CVE-2019-3795	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-3795	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-330
CVE-2020-2308	affect_library	org.csanchez.jenkins.plugins/kubernetes
CVE-2020-2308	affect_product	jenkins kubernetes
CVE-2021-27568	affect_library	net.minidev/json-smart-action
CVE-2021-27568	affect_library	net.minidev/json-smart-mini
CVE-2021-27568	affect_library	net.minidev/json-smart
CVE-2021-27568	affect_product	json-smart_project json-smart-v1
CVE-2021-27568	affect_product	json-smart_project json-smart-v2
CVE-2021-27568	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2021-27568	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-27568	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2021-27568	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-27568	affect_product	oracle oss_support_tools
CVE-2021-27568	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-754
CVE-2016-5394	affect_library	org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.xss
CVE-2016-5394	affect_product	apache sling
CVE-2016-5394	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-11065	affect_library	com.mobidevelop.robovm/robovm-gradle-plugin
CVE-2019-11065	affect_product	gradle gradle
CVE-2019-11065	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2017-1000356	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.main/hudson-core
CVE-2017-1000356	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000356	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000356	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-10354	affect_library	org.kohsuke.stapler/stapler
CVE-2019-10354	affect_library	org.kohsuke.stapler/stapler-jelly
CVE-2019-10354	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2019-10354	affect_library	org.kohsuke.stapler/stapler-groovy
CVE-2019-10354	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-10354	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-10354	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2018-10936	affect_library	org.postgresql/pgjdbc-aggregate
CVE-2018-10936	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql
CVE-2018-10936	affect_library	org.postgresql/postgresql
CVE-2018-10936	affect_product	postgresql postgresql_jdbc_driver
CVE-2018-10936	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux
CVE-2018-10936	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-297
CVE-2011-2087	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-javatemplates-plugin
CVE-2011-2087	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2011-2087	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-18854	affect_library	io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC1
CVE-2018-18854	affect_library	io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M2
CVE-2018-18854	affect_library	io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M4
CVE-2018-18854	affect_library	io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M5
CVE-2018-18854	affect_library	io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC2
CVE-2018-18854	affect_library	io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M3
CVE-2018-18854	affect_library	io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M3
CVE-2018-18854	affect_library	io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M5
CVE-2018-18854	affect_library	io.spray/spray-json_2.10
CVE-2018-18854	affect_library	io.spray/spray-json_2.12
CVE-2018-18854	affect_library	io.spray/spray-json_2.11
CVE-2018-18854	affect_product	lightbend spray-json
CVE-2018-18854	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2017-12647	affect_library	com.liferay/com.liferay.knowledge.base.service
CVE-2017-12647	affect_product	liferay liferay_portal
CVE-2017-12647	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-14720	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2018-14720	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2018-14720	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-14720	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2018-14720	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2018-14720	affect_product	oracle jdeveloper
CVE-2018-14720	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2018-14720	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2018-14720	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2018-14720	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2018-14720	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_virtualization
CVE-2018-14720	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-14720	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2018-14720	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-1947	affect_library	org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-core-common
CVE-2020-1947	affect_library	org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-ui-backend
CVE-2020-1947	affect_library	org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-orchestration-core
CVE-2020-1947	affect_product	apache shardingsphere
CVE-2020-1947	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2013-4444	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2013-4444	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2013-4444	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2013-4444	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2017-2601	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-2601	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-2601	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1002201	affect_library	org.zeroturnaround/zt-zip
CVE-2018-1002201	affect_product	jrebel zt-zip
CVE-2018-1002201	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2017-5648	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2017-5648	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2017-5648	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2017-5648	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-668
CVE-2019-10172	affect_library	org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl
CVE-2019-10172	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-mapper-asl
CVE-2019-10172	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-10172	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2019-10172	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-10172	affect_product	apache spark
CVE-2019-10172	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-5429	affect_library	net.sf.jasperreports/jasperreports
CVE-2018-5429	affect_product	tibco jasperreports_server
CVE-2018-5429	affect_product	tibco jasperreports_library
CVE-2018-5429	affect_product	tibco jaspersoft
CVE-2018-5429	affect_product	tibco jaspersoft_reporting_and_analytics
CVE-2018-5429	affect_product	tibco jaspersoft_studio
CVE-2016-3086	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common
CVE-2016-3086	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2016-3086	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2016-8747	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2016-8747	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2016-8747	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2016-8747	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-1000413	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider
CVE-2018-1000413	affect_product	jenkins config_file_provider
CVE-2018-1000413	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-11976	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket-core
CVE-2020-11976	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket-request
CVE-2020-11976	affect_product	apache wicket
CVE-2020-11976	affect_product	apache fortress
CVE-2020-11976	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-552
CVE-2013-1921	affect_library	org.picketbox/picketbox
CVE-2013-1921	affect_library	org.picketbox/jbosssx-bare
CVE-2013-1921	affect_library	org.picketbox/jbosssx
CVE-2013-1921	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2017-1000503	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000503	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000503	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-362
CVE-2019-16550	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.m2release/m2release
CVE-2019-16550	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins.m2release/m2release
CVE-2019-16550	affect_product	jenkins maven
CVE-2019-16550	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-1192	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa
CVE-2018-1192	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2018-1192	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa-release
CVE-2018-1192	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_cf-release
CVE-2018-1192	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_cf-deployment
CVE-2018-1192	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-10356	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2019-10356	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2019-10356	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2009-4611	affect_library	org.mortbay.jetty/jetty
CVE-2009-4611	affect_product	mortbay jetty
CVE-2009-4611	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-1003054	affect_library	info.bluefloyd.jenkins/jenkins-jira-issue-updater
CVE-2019-1003054	affect_product	jenkins jira_issue_updater
CVE-2019-1003054	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2020-7661	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/url-regex
CVE-2020-7661	affect_product	url-regex_project url-regex
CVE-2020-7661	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2019-10384	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2019-10384	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-10384	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2019-10384	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-10384	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-2163	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2020-2163	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2020-2163	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-36188	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	netapp cloud_backup
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_route
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-36188	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-36188	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2015-1808	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-1808	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-1808	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2015-1808	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-1999044	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1999044	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1999044	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2019-1003035	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents
CVE-2019-1003035	affect_product	jenkins azure_vm_agents
CVE-2019-1003035	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2018-8010	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2018-8010	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2018-8010	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-8116	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/dot-prop
CVE-2020-8116	affect_product	dot-prop_project dot-prop
CVE-2020-8116	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2021-28165	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-io
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	oracle siebel_core_-_automation
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	oracle rest_data_services
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	netapp santricity_cloud_connector
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_os_controller
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	netapp e-series_performance_analyzer
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_storage
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	netapp santricity_web_services_proxy
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	netapp storage_replication_adapter_for_clustered_data_ontap
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	netapp vasa_provider_for_clustered_data_ontap
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_web_services
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	netapp ontap_tools
CVE-2021-28165	affect_product	netapp cloud_manager
CVE-2021-28165	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-755
CVE-2017-12619	affect_library	org.apache.zeppelin/zeppelin
CVE-2017-12619	affect_library	org.apache.zeppelin/zeppelin-zengine
CVE-2017-12619	affect_product	apache zeppelin
CVE-2017-12619	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-384
CVE-2022-21724	affect_library	org.postgresql/postgresql
CVE-2022-21724	affect_library	postgresql/postgresql
CVE-2022-21724	affect_product	postgresql postgresql_jdbc_driver
CVE-2022-21724	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2022-21724	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2022-21724	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2022-21724	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-665
CVE-2018-1000008	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/pmd
CVE-2018-1000008	affect_product	jenkins pmd
CVE-2018-1000008	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-1003080	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openshift-deployer
CVE-2019-1003080	affect_product	jenkins openshift_deployer
CVE-2019-1003080	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-1003027	affect_library	hudson.plugins.octopusdeploy/octopusdeploy
CVE-2019-1003027	affect_product	jenkins octopusdeploy
CVE-2019-1003027	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2020-7608	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2020-7608	affect_product	yargs yargs-parser
CVE-2020-7608	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2019-9658	affect_library	com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle
CVE-2019-9658	affect_product	checkstyle checkstyle
CVE-2019-9658	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-9658	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-9658	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-1999026	affect_library	de.tracetronic.jenkins.plugins/ecutest
CVE-2018-1999026	affect_product	jenkins tracetronic_ecu-test
CVE-2018-1999026	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2020-1928	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api
CVE-2020-1928	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2020-1928	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-532
CVE-2019-5413	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat
CVE-2019-5413	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/morgan
CVE-2019-5413	affect_product	morgan_project morgan
CVE-2019-5413	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-77
CVE-2019-10744	affect_library	org.fujion.webjars/lodash
CVE-2019-10744	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/FlipClock
CVE-2019-10744	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/lodash
CVE-2019-10744	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.alex-saunders/sliding-pages
CVE-2019-10744	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.lodash/lodash
CVE-2019-10744	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/github-com-haroldo-ok-twine-monogatari
CVE-2019-10744	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/lodash
CVE-2019-10744	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/lodash-es
CVE-2019-10744	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string
CVE-2019-10744	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/floatthead
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	lodash lodash
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	redhat virtualization_manager
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-iq_centralized_management
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 iworkflow
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_analytics
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_local_traffic_manager
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_application_acceleration_manager
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_advanced_firewall_manager
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_access_policy_manager
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_application_security_manager
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_domain_name_system
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_fraud_protection_service
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_global_traffic_manager
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_link_controller
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_policy_enforcement_manager
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_edge_gateway
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_webaccelerator
CVE-2019-10744	affect_product	f5 big-ip_application_visibility_and_reporting
CVE-2019-10744	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2012-4441	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ci-game
CVE-2012-4441	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2012-4441	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-2035	affect_library	org.fusesource.hawtjni/hawtjni-runtime
CVE-2013-2035	affect_product	redhat hawtjni
CVE-2013-2035	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2017-18640	affect_library	org.yaml/snakeyaml
CVE-2017-18640	affect_product	snakeyaml_project snakeyaml
CVE-2017-18640	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2017-18640	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2017-18640	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_pt_peopletools
CVE-2017-18640	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-776
CVE-2019-10769	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/safer-eval
CVE-2019-10769	affect_product	safer-eval_project safer-eval
CVE-2019-10769	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2019-16556	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rundeck
CVE-2019-16556	affect_product	jenkins rundeck
CVE-2019-16556	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-16147	affect_library	com.liferay/com.liferay.journal.taglib
CVE-2019-16147	affect_product	liferay liferay_portal
CVE-2019-16147	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-1000080	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-api
CVE-2017-1000080	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-gui
CVE-2017-1000080	affect_product	onosproject onos
CVE-2019-1003070	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/veracode-scanner
CVE-2019-1003070	affect_product	jenkins veracode-scanner
CVE-2019-1003070	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2019-10441	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum
CVE-2019-10441	affect_product	jenkins icescrum
CVE-2019-10441	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2014-3577	affect_library	org.apache.httpcomponents/httpasyncclient
CVE-2014-3577	affect_library	org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient
CVE-2014-3577	affect_product	apache httpclient
CVE-2014-3577	affect_product	apache httpasyncclient
CVE-2013-6348	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2013-6348	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-config-browser-plugin
CVE-2013-6348	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2013-6348	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-8029	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-main
CVE-2018-8029	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common
CVE-2018-8029	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager
CVE-2018-8029	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2018-1000604	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/badge
CVE-2018-1000604	affect_product	jenkins badge
CVE-2018-1000604	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-5637	affect_library	org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper
CVE-2017-5637	affect_product	apache zookeeper
CVE-2017-5637	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-5637	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2013-7330	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2013-7330	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2020-9548	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle retail_sales_audit
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-9548	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-9548	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2016-6347	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs
CVE-2016-6347	affect_product	redhat resteasy
CVE-2016-6347	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-11111	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle retail_sales_audit
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-11111	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-11111	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2015-2918	affect_library	com.orientechnologies/orientdb-studio
CVE-2015-2918	affect_product	orientdb orientdb
CVE-2015-2918	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-14040	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/bootstrap
CVE-2018-14040	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.jasny/bootstrap
CVE-2018-14040	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap
CVE-2018-14040	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap
CVE-2018-14040	affect_library	org.fujion.webjars/bootstrap
CVE-2018-14040	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bootstrap
CVE-2018-14040	affect_library	org.webjars/bootstrap
CVE-2018-14040	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-14040	affect_product	getbootstrap bootstrap
CVE-2018-14040	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2009-4612	affect_library	org.mortbay.jetty/jetty
CVE-2009-4612	affect_product	mortbay jetty
CVE-2009-4612	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-8441	affect_library	org.jyaml/jyaml
CVE-2020-8441	affect_product	jyaml_project jyaml
CVE-2020-8441	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-8008	affect_library	org.apache.storm/storm-core
CVE-2018-8008	affect_product	apache storm
CVE-2018-8008	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-20094	affect_library	com.xuxueli/xxl-conf
CVE-2018-20094	affect_product	xuxueli xxl-conf
CVE-2018-20094	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2021-39148	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-39148	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-39148	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2013-2254	affect_library	org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.servlets.post
CVE-2013-2254	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2020-2097	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sounds
CVE-2020-2097	affect_product	jenkins sounds
CVE-2020-2097	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2018-11770	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12
CVE-2018-11770	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11
CVE-2018-11770	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10
CVE-2018-11770	affect_product	apache spark
CVE-2018-11770	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2018-1999024	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/mathjax
CVE-2018-1999024	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/github-com-mathjax-MathJax
CVE-2018-1999024	affect_product	mathjax mathjax
CVE-2018-1999024	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2114	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3
CVE-2020-2114	affect_product	jenkins s3_publisher
CVE-2020-2114	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10400	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2019-10400	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2016-4567	affect_library	org.webjars/mediaelement
CVE-2016-4567	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/mediaelement
CVE-2016-4567	affect_product	mediaelementjs mediaelement.js
CVE-2016-4567	affect_product	wordpress wordpress
CVE-2016-4567	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-1000113	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/deploy
CVE-2017-1000113	affect_library	org.hudsonci.plugins/deploy
CVE-2017-1000113	affect_product	jenkins deploy
CVE-2017-1000113	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-29204	affect_library	com.xuxueli/xxl-job
CVE-2020-29204	affect_library	com.xuxueli/xxl-job-core
CVE-2020-29204	affect_product	xuxueli xxl-job
CVE-2020-29204	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-0222	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-parent
CVE-2019-0222	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-client
CVE-2019-0222	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-mqtt
CVE-2019-0222	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-all
CVE-2019-0222	affect_library	org.fusesource.mqtt-client/mqtt-client
CVE-2019-0222	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2019-0222	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_web_services
CVE-2019-0222	affect_product	oracle enterprise_repository
CVE-2019-0222	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2019-0222	affect_product	oracle goldengate_stream_analytics
CVE-2019-0222	affect_product	oracle identity_manager_connector
CVE-2019-0222	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2019-0222	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-2237	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/flaky-test-handler
CVE-2020-2237	affect_product	jenkins flaky_test_handler
CVE-2020-2237	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-19048	affect_library	org.webjars/simditor
CVE-2018-19048	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/simditor
CVE-2018-19048	affect_product	mycolorway simditor
CVE-2018-19048	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-1000088	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sidebar-link
CVE-2017-1000088	affect_product	jenkins sidebar_link
CVE-2017-1000088	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-1964	affect_library	org.apache.heron/heron-simulator
CVE-2020-1964	affect_library	org.apache.heron/heron-storm
CVE-2020-1964	affect_library	org.apache.heron/heron-spi
CVE-2020-1964	affect_product	apache heron
CVE-2020-1964	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-12623	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-authorizer
CVE-2017-12623	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api
CVE-2017-12623	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-security-utils
CVE-2017-12623	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-update-attribute-model
CVE-2017-12623	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-file-authorizer
CVE-2017-12623	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster
CVE-2017-12623	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-client
CVE-2017-12623	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol
CVE-2017-12623	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security
CVE-2017-12623	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-core
CVE-2017-12623	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2017-12623	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-1000173	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-login
CVE-2018-1000173	affect_product	jenkins google_login
CVE-2018-1000173	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-384
CVE-2013-2160	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/apache-cxf
CVE-2013-2160	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-api
CVE-2013-2160	affect_library	org.codehaus.woodstox/woodstox-core-lgpl
CVE-2013-2160	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2017-11608	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-sass
CVE-2017-11608	affect_product	libsass libsass
CVE-2017-11608	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-125
CVE-2019-1003009	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory
CVE-2019-1003009	affect_product	jenkins active_directory
CVE-2019-1003009	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2017-7665	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui
CVE-2017-7665	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2017-7665	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-5657	affect_library	org.apache.archiva/archiva
CVE-2017-5657	affect_library	org.apache.archiva/archiva-rest-services
CVE-2017-5657	affect_library	org.apache.archiva/archiva-repository-admin-api
CVE-2017-5657	affect_product	apache archiva
CVE-2017-5657	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-1000823	affect_library	org.exist-db/exist
CVE-2018-1000823	affect_library	org.exist-db/exist-core
CVE-2018-1000823	affect_product	exist-db exist
CVE-2018-1000823	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-17572	affect_library	org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-client
CVE-2019-17572	affect_library	org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-broker
CVE-2019-17572	affect_product	apache rocketmq
CVE-2019-17572	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2017-1000504	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000504	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000504	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-12480	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.11
CVE-2020-12480	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.13
CVE-2020-12480	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.12
CVE-2020-12480	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play_2.12
CVE-2020-12480	affect_product	lightbend play_framework
CVE-2020-12480	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-2255	affect_library	io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-github-pipeline
CVE-2020-2255	affect_library	io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-bitbucket-pipeline
CVE-2020-2255	affect_product	jenkins blue_ocean
CVE-2020-2255	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2019-10086	affect_library	commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils-core
CVE-2019-10086	affect_library	commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	apache commons_beanutils
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_desktop
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_workstation
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_aus
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_tus
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_eus
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle service_bus
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_pt_peopletools
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle hospitality_reporting_and_analytics
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-service
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle communications_metasolv_solution
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle healthcare_foundation
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle retail_advanced_inventory_planning
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle communications_network_integrity
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle financial_services_revenue_management_and_billing_analytics
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle hospitality_opera_5
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle agile_product_lifecycle_management_integration_pack
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle insurance_data_gateway
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_virtualization
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle communications_performance_intelligence_center
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle retail_price_management
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle solaris_cluster
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle real-time_decisions_solutions
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_console
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle communications_convergence
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle retail_invoice_matching
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle communications_design_studio
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle time_and_labor
CVE-2019-10086	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2019-10086	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-8127	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/reveal.js
CVE-2020-8127	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/reveal.js
CVE-2020-8127	affect_library	org.webjars/reveal.js
CVE-2020-8127	affect_product	revealjs reveal.js
CVE-2020-8127	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2015-5175	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2
CVE-2015-5175	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-core
CVE-2015-5175	affect_product	apache cxf_fediz
CVE-2015-5175	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2017-4974	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common
CVE-2017-4974	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2017-4974	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2017-4974	affect_product	cloudfoundry cloud_foundry_uaa_bosh
CVE-2017-4974	affect_product	cloudfoundry cf-release
CVE-2017-4974	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2017-2603	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-2603	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-2603	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-17566	affect_library	org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-all
CVE-2019-17566	affect_library	org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgrasterizer
CVE-2019-17566	affect_library	org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-transcoder
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	apache batik
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle api_gateway
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle hyperion_financial_reporting
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle enterprise_repository
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle business_intelligence
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-service
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware_mapviewer
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle communications_application_session_controller
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle hospitality_opera_5
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle retail_order_management_system_cloud_service
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2019-17566	affect_product	oracle communications_metasolv_solution
CVE-2019-17566	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2019-10449	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader
CVE-2019-10449	affect_product	jenkins fortify_on_demand
CVE-2019-10449	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-312
CVE-2017-12633	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-hessian-starter
CVE-2017-12633	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-core
CVE-2017-12633	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-hessian
CVE-2017-12633	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2017-12633	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-2187	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2
CVE-2020-2187	affect_product	jenkins amazon_ec2
CVE-2020-2187	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2019-10346	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/embeddable-build-status
CVE-2019-10346	affect_product	jenkins embeddable_build_status
CVE-2019-10346	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2012-6092	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-web
CVE-2012-6092	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2012-6092	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2022-24289	affect_library	org.apache.cayenne/cayenne-rop-server
CVE-2022-24289	affect_product	apache cayenne
CVE-2022-24289	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-3206	affect_library	com.exadel.flamingo.flex/amf-serializer
CVE-2017-3206	affect_product	exadel flamingo
CVE-2017-3206	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-7619	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2019-7619	affect_product	elastic elasticsearch
CVE-2019-1003034	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/job-dsl
CVE-2019-1003034	affect_product	jenkins job_dsl
CVE-2019-1003034	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2020-7226	affect_library	org.cryptacular/cryptacular
CVE-2020-7226	affect_product	vt cryptacular
CVE-2020-7226	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2020-7226	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-7226	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-7226	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2017-1000243	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/favorite
CVE-2017-1000243	affect_product	jenkins favorite_plugin
CVE-2017-1000243	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2019-12416	affect_library	org.apache.deltaspike.core/deltaspike-core-api
CVE-2019-12416	affect_library	org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl
CVE-2019-12416	affect_product	apache deltaspike
CVE-2019-12416	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2017-1000034	affect_library	com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12
CVE-2017-1000034	affect_library	com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11
CVE-2017-1000034	affect_product	akka akka
CVE-2017-1000034	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2022-25210	affect_library	com.convertigo.jenkins.plugins/convertigo-mobile-platform
CVE-2022-25210	affect_product	jenkins convertigo_mobile_platform
CVE-2022-25210	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-662
CVE-2019-12415	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.poi
CVE-2019-12415	affect_library	org.apache.poi/poi-ooxml
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	apache poi
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle enterprise_repository
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle banking_payments
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle financial_services_market_risk_measurement_and_management
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_studio
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle hyperion_infrastructure_technology
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle jdeveloper
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle big_data_discovery
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration_j2ee
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_originations
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_product_manufacturing
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router_idih\\
CVE-2019-12415	affect_product	oracle retail_clearance_optimization_engine
CVE-2019-12415	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2013-6235	affect_library	com.jamonapi/jamon
CVE-2013-6235	affect_product	steve_souza java_application_monitor
CVE-2013-6235	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-36184	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	netapp cloud_backup
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_route
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-36184	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36184	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2010-4265	affect_library	org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting
CVE-2020-14338	affect_library	xerces/xerces
CVE-2020-14338	affect_product	redhat xerces
CVE-2020-14338	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2017-12964	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-sass
CVE-2017-12964	affect_product	libsass libsass
CVE-2017-12964	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-674
CVE-2016-8744	affect_library	org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn
CVE-2016-8744	affect_library	org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-utils-common
CVE-2016-8744	affect_product	apache brooklyn
CVE-2016-8744	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10101	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib
CVE-2019-10101	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7
CVE-2019-10101	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-reflect
CVE-2019-10101	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common
CVE-2019-10101	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8
CVE-2019-10101	affect_product	jetbrains kotlin
CVE-2019-10101	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2021-25329	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2021-25329	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2021-25329	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2021-25329	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-25329	affect_product	oracle managed_file_transfer
CVE-2021-25329	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2021-25329	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2021-25329	affect_product	oracle database
CVE-2021-25329	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2021-25329	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2021-25329	affect_product	oracle graph_server_and_client
CVE-2021-25329	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-25329	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2021-25329	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_security_edge_protection_proxy
CVE-2018-9362	affect_library	org.robolectric/android-all
CVE-2018-9362	affect_product	google android
CVE-2018-9362	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2016-6802	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-web
CVE-2016-6802	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-all
CVE-2016-6802	affect_product	apache shiro
CVE-2016-6802	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2012-3369	affect_library	org.jboss.security/jbosssx
CVE-2012-3369	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_web_platform
CVE-2012-3369	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2012-3369	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_brms_platform
CVE-2017-16042	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/messageformat
CVE-2017-16042	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2017-16042	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/growl
CVE-2017-16042	affect_product	growl_project growl
CVE-2017-16042	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2014-2296	affect_library	org.jasig.cas/cas-server-core
CVE-2014-2296	affect_product	apereo cas_server
CVE-2014-2296	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2014-7809	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2014-7809	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2014-7809	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2009-1524	affect_library	org.mortbay.jetty/jetty
CVE-2009-1524	affect_library	org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-embedded
CVE-2009-1524	affect_library	jetty/jetty-embedded
CVE-2009-1524	affect_library	jetty/jetty-util
CVE-2009-1524	affect_library	org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-util
CVE-2009-1524	affect_product	mortbay jetty
CVE-2009-1524	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-15095	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	redhat satellite
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	redhat satellite_capsule
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	netapp oncommand_balance
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	netapp oncommand_shift
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	netapp oncommand_performance_manager
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle identity_manager
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle database_server
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_virtualization
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle clusterware
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle utilities_advanced_spatial_and_operational_analytics
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2017-15095	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatchauto
CVE-2017-15095	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10403	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2019-10403	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-10403	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-1000190	affect_library	org.simpleframework/simple-xml
CVE-2017-1000190	affect_product	simplexml_project simplexml
CVE-2017-1000190	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2021-31684	affect_library	net.minidev/json-smart
CVE-2021-31684	affect_product	json-smart_project json-smart-v1
CVE-2021-31684	affect_product	json-smart_project json-smart-v2
CVE-2021-31684	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-31684	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-787
CVE-2020-1925	affect_library	org.apache.olingo/odata-client-core
CVE-2020-1925	affect_product	apache olingo
CVE-2020-1925	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2012-4418	affect_library	org.apache.axis2/axis2
CVE-2012-4418	affect_product	apache axis2
CVE-2012-4418	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2018-1000190	affect_library	com.blackducksoftware.integration/blackduck-hub
CVE-2018-1000190	affect_product	jenkins black_duck_hub
CVE-2018-1000190	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2009-0033	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-jk2
CVE-2009-0033	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-ajp
CVE-2009-0033	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2009-0033	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2009-0033	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-5158	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/pdfjs-dist
CVE-2018-5158	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.mozilla/pdfjs-dist
CVE-2018-5158	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-5158	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_desktop
CVE-2018-5158	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_workstation
CVE-2018-5158	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server
CVE-2018-5158	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_eus
CVE-2018-5158	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_tus
CVE-2018-5158	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_aus
CVE-2018-5158	affect_product	mozilla firefox
CVE-2018-5158	affect_product	mozilla firefox_esr
CVE-2018-5158	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2018-5158	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2014-1972	affect_library	org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core
CVE-2014-1972	affect_product	apache tapestry
CVE-2020-26870	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/dompurify
CVE-2020-26870	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.cure53/dompurify
CVE-2020-26870	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/dompurify
CVE-2020-26870	affect_product	cure53 dompurify
CVE-2020-26870	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-26870	affect_product	microsoft visual_studio_2017
CVE-2020-26870	affect_product	microsoft visual_studio_2019
CVE-2020-26870	affect_product	oracle application_express
CVE-2020-26870	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-20433	affect_library	c3p0/c3p0
CVE-2018-20433	affect_library	com.mchange/c3p0
CVE-2018-20433	affect_product	mchange c3p0
CVE-2018-20433	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-20433	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-11358	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jquery
CVE-2019-11358	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery
CVE-2019-11358	affect_library	org.webjars/jquery
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	jquery jquery
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	drupal drupal
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	backdropcms backdrop
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	opensuse backports_sle
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	redhat cloudforms
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	redhat virtualization_manager
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle service_bus
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle jdeveloper
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle communications_webrtc_session_controller
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_market_risk_measurement_and_management
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_liquidity_risk_management
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle agile_product_lifecycle_management_for_process
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware_mapviewer
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle identity_manager
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_insights
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle bi_publisher
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-service
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle policy_automation_connector_for_siebel
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle policy_automation
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle communications_operations_monitor
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_loan_loss_forecasting_and_provisioning
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_hedge_management_and_ifrs_valuations
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_funds_transfer_pricing
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_data_integration_hub
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_asset_liability_management
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle hospitality_materials_control
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle healthcare_translational_research
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle knowledge
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_liquidity_risk_measurement_and_management
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_balance_sheet_planning
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle application_express
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle rest_data_services
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle healthcare_foundation
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_data_governance_for_us_regulatory_reporting
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle hospitality_simphony
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_profitability_management
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_basel_regulatory_capital_internal_ratings_based_approach
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle communications_application_session_controller
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_institutional_performance_analytics
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle insurance_insbridge_rating_and_underwriting
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_basel_regulatory_capital_basic
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle insurance_allocation_manager_for_enterprise_profitability
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle insurance_accounting_analyzer
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_reconciliation_framework
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle enterprise_session_border_controller
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_regulatory_reporting_for_de_nederlandsche_bank
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_collections
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle communications_analytics
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle big_data_discovery
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle transportation_management
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle jdeveloper_and_adf
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_retail_performance_analytics
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_enterprise_financial_performance_analytics
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle application_service_level_management
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle storagetek_tape_analytics_sw_tool
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle diagnostic_assistant
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle siebel_mobile_applications
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle policy_automation_for_mobile_devices
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle utilities_mobile_workforce_management
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle tape_library_acsls
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle communications_interactive_session_recorder
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle real-time_scheduler
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_data_foundation
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle system_utilities
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle insurance_performance_insight
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle insurance_ifrs_17_analyzer
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_revenue_management_and_billing
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_regulatory_reporting_for_european_banking_authority
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle insurance_data_foundation
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_retail_customer_analytics
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_regulatory_reporting_for_us_federal_reserve
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle financial_services_price_creation_and_discovery
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	oracle communications_eagle_application_processor
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	joomla joomla\\!
CVE-2019-11358	affect_product	juniper junos
CVE-2019-11358	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2019-1003033	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/groovy
CVE-2019-1003033	affect_product	jenkins groovy
CVE-2019-10219	affect_library	org.hibernate/hibernate-validator
CVE-2019-10219	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator
CVE-2019-10219	affect_library	org.hibernate.validator/hibernate-validator
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	redhat hibernate_validator
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	redhat jboss_data_grid
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	redhat openshift_application_runtimes
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	redhat fuse
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	netapp element
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	netapp snapcenter_plug-in
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	netapp management_services_for_element_software_and_netapp_hci
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle flexcube_investor_servicing
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle solaris
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration_j2ee
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle database_server
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle hospitality_suite8
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle access_manager
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle business_intelligence
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle http_server
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle managed_file_transfer
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle hospitality_reporting_and_analytics
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-sale
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle bi_publisher
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle policy_automation
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle enterprise_data_quality
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_operations_monitor
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle hyperion_financial_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware_mapviewer
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle sd-wan_edge
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle sd-wan_aware
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle hospitality_opera_5_property_services
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle enterprise_session_border_controller
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle argus_safety
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_metasolv_solution
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_financial_integration
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle zfs_storage_appliance_kit
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_network_integrity
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle hospitality_cruise_shipboard_property_management_system
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_interactive_session_recorder
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle agile_product_lifecycle_management_integration_pack
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_price_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_session_border_controller
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_cs_sa_integration_pack
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle healthcare_data_repository
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_application_session_controller
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_converged_application_server_-_service_controller
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle real-time_decision_server
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle real_user_experience_insight
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_repository_function
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle banking_party_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_design_studio
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle healthcare_foundation
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_extract_transform_and_load
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_eftlink
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_assortment_planning
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_size_profile_optimization
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle primavera_portfolio_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle vm_virtualbox
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_convergence
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_allocation
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_order_management_system
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_invoice_matching
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle primavera_p6_enterprise_project_portfolio_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_webrtc_session_controller
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_service_broker
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_console
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle nosql_database
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle banking_apis
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_service_communication_proxy
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_security_edge_protection_proxy
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle java_se
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle argus_insight
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle argus_analytics
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle airlines_data_model
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle mysql_server
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle mysql_connectors
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle mysql_workbench
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle mysql_cluster
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle application_performance_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle big_data_spatial_and_graph
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle banking_loans_servicing
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_managment
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_eagle_application_processor
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_route
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_data_model
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_function_cloud_native_environment
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle clinical
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_information_manager
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_inform_crf_submit
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_clinical_development_analytics
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle graph_server_and_client
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle goldengate
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle financial_services_trade-based_anti_money_laundering
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle financial_services_model_management_and_governance
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle financial_services_foreign_account_tax_compliance_act_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle financial_services_enterprise_case_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle financial_services_behavior_detection_platform
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle essbase_administration_services
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle essbase
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle e-business_suite
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle enterprise_communications_broker
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle demantra_demand_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle healthcare_translational_research
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle siebel_applications
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle primavera_p6_professional_project_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle primavera_data_warehouse
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle primavera_analytics
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_people_tools
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle zfs_storage_application_integration_engineering_software
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle oss_support_tools
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle timesten_in-memory_database
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle thesaurus_management_system
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle spatial_studio
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle secure_backup
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_fiscal_management
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_insights
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle retail_analytics
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle rest_data_services
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle rapid_planning
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle agile_product_lifecycle_analytics
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle insurance_insbridge_rating_and_underwriting
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle insurance_data_gateway
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle hyperion_ilearning
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle hyperion_infrastructure_technology
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle application_express
CVE-2019-10219	affect_product	oracle banking_deposits_and_lines_of_credit_servicing
CVE-2019-10219	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10370	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mask-passwords
CVE-2019-10370	affect_product	jenkins mask_passwords
CVE-2019-10370	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-532
CVE-2016-10703	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/ecstatic
CVE-2016-10703	affect_product	ecstatic_project ecstatic
CVE-2016-10703	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-13946	affect_library	org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all
CVE-2020-13946	affect_product	apache cassandra
CVE-2020-13946	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2020-13946	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-668
CVE-2018-11761	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-parsers
CVE-2018-11761	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-core
CVE-2018-11761	affect_product	apache tika
CVE-2018-11761	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2018-11761	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-2609	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-2609	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-2609	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-3802	affect_library	org.springframework.data/spring-data-jpa
CVE-2019-3802	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_data_java_persistance_api
CVE-2020-1941	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console
CVE-2020-1941	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2020-1941	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-1941	affect_product	oracle enterprise_repository
CVE-2020-1941	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-1941	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-1941	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-1941	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-1941	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-14642	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2018-14642	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2018-14642	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2014-0219	affect_library	org.apache.karaf.wrapper/org.apache.karaf.wrapper.core
CVE-2014-0219	affect_library	org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.main
CVE-2014-0219	affect_product	apache karaf
CVE-2014-0219	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2022-23913	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/artemis-core-client
CVE-2022-23913	affect_product	apache activemq_artemis
CVE-2022-23913	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2022-23913	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2022-23913	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2019-14517	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/editor.md
CVE-2019-14517	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/editor.md
CVE-2019-14517	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.pandao/editor.md
CVE-2019-14517	affect_product	editor.md_project editor.md
CVE-2019-14517	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-17193	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-utils
CVE-2018-17193	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi
CVE-2018-17193	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2018-17193	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2011-2481	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2011-2481	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2011-2481	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2018-17785	affect_library	com.github.blynkkk/blynk-server
CVE-2018-17785	affect_product	blynk blynk-server
CVE-2018-17785	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-17297	affect_library	cn.hutool/hutool-parent
CVE-2018-17297	affect_library	cn.hutool/hutool-core
CVE-2018-17297	affect_library	cn.hutool/hutool-all
CVE-2018-17297	affect_product	hutool hutool
CVE-2018-17297	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-11975	affect_library	org.apache.unomi/unomi-services
CVE-2020-11975	affect_library	org.apache.unomi/unomi-common
CVE-2020-11975	affect_product	apache unomi
CVE-2020-14195	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-14195	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-14195	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2021-42550	affect_library	ch.qos.logback/logback-classic
CVE-2021-42550	affect_library	ch.qos.logback/logback-core
CVE-2021-42550	affect_product	qos logback
CVE-2021-42550	affect_product	redhat satellite
CVE-2021-42550	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2021-42550	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2021-42550	affect_product	netapp cloud_manager
CVE-2021-42550	affect_product	siemens sinec_nms
CVE-2021-42550	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-8013	affect_library	org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-all
CVE-2018-8013	affect_library	org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-dom
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	apache batik
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware_mapviewer
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle enterprise_repository
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle business_intelligence
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle insurance_calculation_engine
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle communications_webrtc_session_controller
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-service
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration_j2ee
CVE-2018-8013	affect_product	oracle communications_metasolv_solution
CVE-2018-8013	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-3826	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2018-3826	affect_product	elastic elasticsearch
CVE-2018-3826	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2012-1833	affect_library	org.grails/grails-core
CVE-2012-1833	affect_library	org.grails/grails-plugin-controllers
CVE-2012-1833	affect_library	org.grails/grails-spring
CVE-2012-1833	affect_product	springsource grails
CVE-2016-8609	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2016-8609	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2016-8609	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2017-3154	affect_library	org.apache.atlas/apache-atlas
CVE-2017-3154	affect_product	apache atlas
CVE-2017-3154	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-5410	affect_library	org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-server
CVE-2020-5410	affect_product	vmware spring_cloud_config
CVE-2020-5410	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-2173	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gatling
CVE-2020-2173	affect_product	jenkins gatling
CVE-2020-2173	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-25649	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	netapp oncommand_api_services
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	apache iotdb
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle coherence
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle sd-wan_edge
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle communications_interactive_session_recorder
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_empirica_signal
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle agile_product_lifecycle_management_integration_pack
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle banking_apis
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-25649	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-25649	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-3894	affect_library	org.wildfly/wildfly-ee
CVE-2019-3894	affect_product	redhat wildfly
CVE-2019-3894	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-1010252	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-rest
CVE-2019-1010252	affect_product	linuxfoundation open_network_operating_system
CVE-2019-1010252	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-7642	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/lazysizes
CVE-2020-7642	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/lazysizes
CVE-2020-7642	affect_product	lazysizes_project lazysizes
CVE-2020-7642	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-7611	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2019-7611	affect_product	elastic elasticsearch
CVE-2019-10428	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-security-scanner
CVE-2019-10428	affect_product	jenkins aqua_security_scanner
CVE-2019-10428	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2020-7768	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/grpc
CVE-2020-7768	affect_product	grpc grpc
CVE-2020-7768	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2020-24616	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle identity_manager_connector
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle banking_liquidity_management
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-24616	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-24616	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2014-6439	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch
CVE-2014-6439	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2014-6439	affect_product	elasticsearch elasticsearch
CVE-2014-6439	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-4431	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2016-4431	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2016-4431	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2015-5209	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2015-5209	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2015-5209	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2015-5209	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-8811	affect_library	org.opencms/opencms-core
CVE-2018-8811	affect_product	alkacon opencms
CVE-2018-8811	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2012-5885	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2012-5885	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2012-5885	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2012-5885	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2012-5885	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2014-2068	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-2068	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000058	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-support
CVE-2018-1000058	affect_product	jenkins pipeline_supporting_apis
CVE-2018-1000058	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-1000111	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion
CVE-2018-1000111	affect_library	org.hudsonci.plugins/subversion
CVE-2018-1000111	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/subversion
CVE-2018-1000111	affect_product	jenkins subversion
CVE-2018-1000111	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2020-13935	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket
CVE-2020-13935	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket
CVE-2020-13935	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	mcafee epolicy_orchestrator
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	oracle managed_file_transfer
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	oracle workload_manager
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	oracle fmw_platform
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-13935	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-13935	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2016-6810	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console
CVE-2016-6810	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2016-6810	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2014-0120	affect_library	io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal
CVE-2014-0120	affect_product	hawt hawtio
CVE-2014-0120	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2014-0120	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2015-3250	affect_library	org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-all
CVE-2015-3250	affect_library	org.apache.directory.api/apache-ldap-api
CVE-2015-3250	affect_library	org.apache.directory.api/api-all
CVE-2015-3250	affect_library	org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model
CVE-2015-3250	affect_product	apache directory_ldap_api
CVE-2015-3250	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-17592	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/csv-parse
CVE-2019-17592	affect_product	csv-parse_project csv-parse
CVE-2019-17592	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-17592	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2014-3529	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.poi
CVE-2014-3529	affect_library	org.apache.poi/poi-ooxml
CVE-2014-3529	affect_product	apache poi
CVE-2016-6816	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2016-6816	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2016-6816	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2016-6816	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2016-6816	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2013-3060	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-core
CVE-2013-3060	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2013-3060	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2020-13940	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-authorization
CVE-2020-13940	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-flowanalyzer
CVE-2020-13940	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-api
CVE-2020-13940	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-ranger-plugin
CVE-2020-13940	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-security-utils
CVE-2020-13940	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-file-authorizer
CVE-2020-13940	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-core
CVE-2020-13940	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-standard-processors
CVE-2020-13940	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-bootstrap
CVE-2020-13940	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol
CVE-2020-13940	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2020-13940	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2016-1000027	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web
CVE-2016-1000027	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2016-1000027	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2016-1000027	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-13235	affect_library	org.opencms/opencms-core
CVE-2019-13235	affect_product	alkacon opencms_apollo_template
CVE-2019-13235	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2208	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack-uploader
CVE-2020-2208	affect_product	jenkins slack_upload
CVE-2020-2208	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2018-1000820	affect_library	org.neo4j.procedure/apoc
CVE-2018-1000820	affect_product	neo4j awesome_procedures_on_cyper
CVE-2018-1000820	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-1000193	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000193	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000193	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2018-1000193	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2019-16572	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weibo
CVE-2019-16572	affect_product	jenkins weibo
CVE-2019-16572	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2016-1000339	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000339	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000339	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000339	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000339	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000339	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000339	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000339	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000339	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16
CVE-2016-1000339	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000339	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2016-1000339	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-13941	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2020-13941	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2020-13941	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-11020	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/faye
CVE-2020-11020	affect_product	faye_project faye
CVE-2020-11020	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2019-10378	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/testlink
CVE-2019-10378	affect_product	jenkins testlink
CVE-2019-10378	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2020-28458	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/datatables.net
CVE-2020-28458	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/datatables.net
CVE-2020-28458	affect_product	datatables datatables.net
CVE-2020-28458	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2018-1999007	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1999007	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1999007	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2018-1999007	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2012-0391	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2012-0391	affect_library	com.opensymphony/xwork-core
CVE-2012-0391	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2012-0391	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2012-0391	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-28002	affect_library	org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-scanner-engine
CVE-2020-28002	affect_product	sonarsource sonarqube
CVE-2020-28002	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2019-10404	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2019-10404	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-10404	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-1879	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-core
CVE-2013-1879	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-all
CVE-2013-1879	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-web
CVE-2013-1879	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-client
CVE-2013-1879	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2013-1879	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-11768	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-main
CVE-2018-11768	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs
CVE-2018-11768	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2018-11768	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2018-3739	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2018-3739	affect_product	https-proxy-agent_project https-proxy-agent
CVE-2018-3739	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-125
CVE-2019-10303	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-publishersettings-credentials
CVE-2019-10303	affect_product	jenkins azure_publishersettings_credentials
CVE-2019-10303	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-1003095	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/perfectomobile
CVE-2019-1003095	affect_product	jenkins perfecto_mobile
CVE-2019-1003095	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2010-1244	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-web
CVE-2010-1244	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2010-1244	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2016-0714	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2016-0714	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ha
CVE-2016-0714	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ha
CVE-2016-0714	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2016-0714	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2016-0714	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2016-0714	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2016-0714	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2016-0714	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-9518	affect_library	io.netty/netty
CVE-2019-9518	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common
CVE-2019-9518	affect_library	io.netty/netty-codec-http2
CVE-2019-9518	affect_library	io.netty/netty-all
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	apache traffic_server
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	synology skynas
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	synology diskstation_manager
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	redhat software_collections
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	redhat jboss_core_services
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	redhat quay
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	redhat openshift_service_mesh
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	mcafee web_gateway
CVE-2019-9518	affect_product	nodejs node.js
CVE-2019-9518	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2020-2279	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2020-2279	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2020-1757	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-servlet
CVE-2020-1757	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-benchmarks
CVE-2020-1757	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-examples
CVE-2020-1757	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2020-1757	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2020-1757	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2020-1757	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2020-1757	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2020-1757	affect_product	redhat jboss_data_grid
CVE-2020-1757	affect_product	redhat openshift_application_runtimes
CVE-2020-1757	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2014-2067	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-2067	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2014-2067	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1131	affect_library	org.infinispan/infinispan-core
CVE-2018-1131	affect_product	infinispan infinispan
CVE-2018-1131	affect_product	redhat jboss_data_grid
CVE-2018-1131	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10337	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro
CVE-2019-10337	affect_product	jenkins token_macro
CVE-2019-10337	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-26237	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.highlightjs/highlight.js
CVE-2020-26237	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/highlight.js
CVE-2020-26237	affect_product	highlightjs highlight.js
CVE-2020-26237	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-26237	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2020-26237	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-471
CVE-2014-0099	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2014-0099	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2014-0099	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2014-0099	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2014-0099	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2014-0099	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2014-0099	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2015-4852	affect_library	commons-collections/commons-collections
CVE-2015-4852	affect_library	org.apache.commons/commons-collections4
CVE-2015-4852	affect_product	oracle virtual_desktop_infrastructure
CVE-2015-4852	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2015-4852	affect_product	oracle storagetek_tape_analytics_sw_tool
CVE-2015-4852	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-3155	affect_library	org.apache.atlas/apache-atlas
CVE-2017-3155	affect_product	apache atlas
CVE-2017-3155	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-8014	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2018-8014	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2018-8014	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2018-8014	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2018-8014	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-8014	affect_product	netapp storage_automation_store
CVE-2018-8014	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2018-8014	affect_product	netapp snapcenter_server
CVE-2018-8014	affect_product	netapp oncommand_unified_manager
CVE-2018-8014	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2018-8014	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1188
CVE-2020-5398	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-webflux
CVE-2020-5398	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-webmvc
CVE-2020-5398	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web
CVE-2020-5398	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration_j2ee
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle retail_assortment_planning
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-service
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle retail_financial_integration
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle mysql
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle rapid_planning
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle retail_bulk_data_integration
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle healthcare_master_person_index
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle financial_services_regulatory_reporting_with_agilereporter
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle siebel_engineering_-_installer_\\&_deployment
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	oracle insurance_calculation_engine
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2020-5398	affect_product	netapp data_availability_services
CVE-2020-5398	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-494
CVE-2020-2290	affect_library	org.biouno/uno-choice
CVE-2020-2290	affect_product	jenkins active_choices
CVE-2020-2290	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-10912	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-model-infinispan
CVE-2018-10912	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2018-10912	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2018-10912	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2018-10912	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2020-15138	affect_library	org.webjars/prismjs
CVE-2020-15138	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.prismjs/prism
CVE-2020-15138	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/prismjs
CVE-2020-15138	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-13933	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-web
CVE-2020-13933	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-core
CVE-2020-13933	affect_product	apache shiro
CVE-2020-13933	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-1000411	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit
CVE-2018-1000411	affect_product	jenkins junit
CVE-2018-1000411	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2015-5253	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml
CVE-2015-5253	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2016-4993	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2016-4993	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-93
CVE-2019-0205	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/thrift
CVE-2019-0205	affect_library	org.apache.thrift/libthrift
CVE-2019-0205	affect_product	apache thrift
CVE-2019-0205	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_slice_selection_function
CVE-2019-0205	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2008-5515	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2008-5515	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2008-5515	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2008-5515	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2013-2185	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2013-2185	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2013-2185	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_portal_platform
CVE-2013-2185	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2013-2185	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2013-2185	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2016-3720	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml
CVE-2016-3720	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2016-3720	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-dataformat-xml
CVE-2011-1772	affect_library	com.opensymphony/xwork-core
CVE-2011-1772	affect_library	opensymphony/xwork
CVE-2011-1772	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2011-1772	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2011-1772	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2011-1772	affect_product	opensymphony xwork
CVE-2011-1772	affect_product	opensymphony webwork
CVE-2011-1772	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1000148	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copy-to-slave
CVE-2018-1000148	affect_product	jenkins copy_to_slave
CVE-2018-1000148	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-1000605	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/collabnet
CVE-2018-1000605	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/collabnet
CVE-2018-1000605	affect_product	jenkins collabnet
CVE-2018-1000605	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2019-10396	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view
CVE-2019-10396	affect_product	jenkins dashboard_view
CVE-2019-10396	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-20677	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/bootstrap
CVE-2018-20677	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.jasny/bootstrap
CVE-2018-20677	affect_library	org.webjars/bootstrap
CVE-2018-20677	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap
CVE-2018-20677	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap
CVE-2018-20677	affect_product	getbootstrap bootstrap
CVE-2018-20677	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-16552	affect_library	com.sonyericsson.hudson.plugins.gerrit/gerrit-trigger
CVE-2019-16552	affect_product	jenkins gerrit_trigger
CVE-2019-16552	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2021-43859	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-1.2.2
CVE-2021-43859	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-43859	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-43859	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-43859	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-43859	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2021-43859	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-43859	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-43859	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-43859	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2021-43859	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_intelligence_hub
CVE-2021-43859	affect_product	oracle communications_brm_-_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-43859	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2020-11987	affect_library	org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgbrowser
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	apache batik
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle enterprise_repository
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-service
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle communications_metasolv_solution
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware_mapviewer
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle communications_application_session_controller
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle retail_order_management_system_cloud_service
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle flexcube_universal_banking
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle banking_apis
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	oracle product_lifecycle_analytics
CVE-2020-11987	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-11987	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-10280	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla-auth
CVE-2019-10280	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla
CVE-2019-10280	affect_product	jenkins assembla_auth
CVE-2019-10280	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10202	affect_library	org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl
CVE-2019-10202	affect_library	org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl
CVE-2019-10202	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2019-10202	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2016-3724	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2016-3724	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2016-3724	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2016-3724	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2014-3667	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-3667	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2014-3667	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2014-3667	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-24589	affect_library	org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.generic.ui
CVE-2020-24589	affect_library	org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.generic
CVE-2020-24589	affect_product	wso2 api_microgateway
CVE-2020-24589	affect_product	wso2 api_manager
CVE-2020-24589	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-15119	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock
CVE-2020-15119	affect_product	auth0 lock
CVE-2020-15119	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-4003	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2016-4003	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2016-4003	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2015-5174	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2015-5174	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2015-5174	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2015-5174	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2015-5174	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2015-5174	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2015-5174	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2015-5174	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2015-5174	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-1003060	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zap
CVE-2019-1003060	affect_product	jenkins official_owasp_zap
CVE-2019-1003060	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2013-4271	affect_library	org.restlet.osgi/org.restlet
CVE-2013-4271	affect_product	restlet restlet
CVE-2013-4271	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-1000396	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000396	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000396	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2019-16777	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2019-16777	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/npm
CVE-2019-16777	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2019-16777	affect_product	npmjs npm
CVE-2019-16777	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-16777	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2019-16777	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-16777	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux
CVE-2019-16777	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_eus
CVE-2019-16777	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-269
CVE-2012-0393	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2012-0393	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2012-0393	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2019-1003045	affect_library	de.eacg/ecs-publisher
CVE-2019-1003045	affect_product	trustsource ecs_publisher
CVE-2019-1003045	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2020-2170	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rapiddeploy-jenkins
CVE-2020-2170	affect_product	jenkins rapiddeploy
CVE-2020-2170	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-36185	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	netapp cloud_backup
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_route
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-36185	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-36185	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-1000145	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/perforce
CVE-2018-1000145	affect_product	jenkins perforce
CVE-2018-1000145	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2014-10065	affect_library	org.webjars/remarkable
CVE-2014-10065	affect_product	remarkable_project remarkable
CVE-2014-10065	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1307	affect_library	org.apache.juddi/juddi-client
CVE-2018-1307	affect_product	apache juddi
CVE-2018-1307	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2016-9177	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.sparkjava-core
CVE-2016-9177	affect_library	com.sparkjava/spark-core
CVE-2016-9177	affect_product	sparkjava spark
CVE-2016-9177	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-11798	affect_library	org.apache.thrift/libthrift
CVE-2018-11798	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/thrift
CVE-2018-11798	affect_product	apache thrift
CVE-2018-11798	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-538
CVE-2020-2224	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-project
CVE-2020-2224	affect_product	jenkins matrix_project
CVE-2020-2224	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-28168	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.axios/axios
CVE-2020-28168	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/axios
CVE-2020-28168	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios
CVE-2020-28168	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/axios
CVE-2020-28168	affect_product	axios axios
CVE-2020-28168	affect_product	siemens sinec_ins
CVE-2020-28168	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2010-3862	affect_library	org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting
CVE-2010-3862	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-11307	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2018-11307	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2018-11307	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-11307	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2018-11307	affect_product	oracle clusterware
CVE-2018-11307	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2018-11307	affect_product	oracle utilities_advanced_spatial_and_operational_analytics
CVE-2018-11307	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2018-11307	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2021-42767	affect_library	org.neo4j.procedure/apoc
CVE-2021-42767	affect_product	neo4j awesome_procedures
CVE-2021-42767	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-16545	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management
CVE-2019-16545	affect_product	qmetry jenkins_qmetry_for_jira
CVE-2019-16545	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2014-0085	affect_library	org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper
CVE-2014-0085	affect_product	redhat jboss_a-mq
CVE-2014-0085	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2020-24750	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle siebel_core_-_server_framework
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle identity_manager_connector
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle banking_liquidity_management
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-24750	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-24750	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2015-5173	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-scim
CVE-2015-5173	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common
CVE-2015-5173	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-login
CVE-2015-5173	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_elastic_runtime
CVE-2015-5173	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2015-5173	affect_product	cloudfoundry cf-release
CVE-2015-5173	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2016-4988	affect_library	com.sonyericsson.jenkins.plugins.bfa/build-failure-analyzer
CVE-2016-4988	affect_product	jenkins build_failure_analyzer
CVE-2016-4988	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2014-3578	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2014-3578	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.core
CVE-2014-3578	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core
CVE-2014-3578	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2014-3578	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_framework
CVE-2014-3578	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-1000142	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ghprb
CVE-2018-1000142	affect_product	jenkins github_pull_request_builder
CVE-2018-1000142	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2022-25185	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/generic-webhook-trigger
CVE-2022-25185	affect_product	jenkins generic_webhook_trigger
CVE-2022-25185	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-15171	affect_library	org.xwiki.platform/xwiki-platform-oldcore
CVE-2020-15171	affect_product	xwiki xwiki
CVE-2020-15171	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2016-8750	affect_library	org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.main
CVE-2016-8750	affect_library	org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf
CVE-2016-8750	affect_library	org.apache.karaf.jaas/org.apache.karaf.jaas.modules
CVE-2016-8750	affect_product	apache karaf
CVE-2016-8750	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-90
CVE-2021-28163	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-deploy
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	apache ignite
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	netapp santricity_cloud_connector
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	netapp e-series_performance_analyzer
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_web_services
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	netapp virtual_storage_console
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	netapp storage_replication_adapter_for_clustered_data_ontap
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	netapp vasa_provider_for_clustered_data_ontap
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	netapp cloud_manager
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	netapp snapcenter_plug-in
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	netapp element_plug-in_for_vcenter_server
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_os_controller
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	oracle siebel_core_-_automation
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2021-28163	affect_product	oracle banking_apis
CVE-2021-28163	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-59
CVE-2019-13173	affect_library	org.webjars/fstream
CVE-2019-13173	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform
CVE-2019-13173	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/fstream
CVE-2019-13173	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2019-13173	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2019-13173	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bower
CVE-2019-13173	affect_product	fstream_project fstream
CVE-2019-13173	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-59
CVE-2016-1000344	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000344	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000344	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000344	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000344	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000344	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000344	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000344	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000344	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000344	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000344	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000344	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2017-5646	affect_library	org.apache.knox/gateway
CVE-2017-5646	affect_product	apache knox
CVE-2017-5646	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-346
CVE-2020-8908	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.guava
CVE-2020-8908	affect_library	com.google.guava/guava
CVE-2020-8908	affect_product	google guava
CVE-2020-8908	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2020-8908	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2020-8908	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-8908	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-8908	affect_product	oracle nosql_database
CVE-2020-8908	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2020-8908	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_slice_selection_function
CVE-2020-8908	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-8908	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-8908	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-8908	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_repository_function
CVE-2020-8908	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-8908	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-732
CVE-2017-1000500	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2017-15684	affect_library	org.craftercms/crafter-studio
CVE-2017-15684	affect_product	craftercms crafter_cms
CVE-2017-15684	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-17570	affect_library	org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc
CVE-2019-17570	affect_library	org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-client
CVE-2019-17570	affect_library	org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common
CVE-2019-17570	affect_library	xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common
CVE-2019-17570	affect_library	xmlrpc/xmlrpc
CVE-2019-17570	affect_product	apache xml-rpc
CVE-2019-17570	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-17570	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-17570	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-17570	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-1003004	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2019-1003004	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-1003004	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2017-1000389	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/global-build-stats
CVE-2017-1000389	affect_product	jenkins global-build-stats
CVE-2017-1000389	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2009-0039	affect_library	org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-kernel
CVE-2009-0039	affect_library	org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-security
CVE-2009-0039	affect_product	apache geronimo
CVE-2009-0039	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2016-4461	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2016-4461	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2016-4461	affect_product	netapp oncommand_balance
CVE-2016-4461	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-2153	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/backlog
CVE-2020-2153	affect_product	jenkins backlog
CVE-2020-2153	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2012-3536	affect_library	org.apache.james.hupa/hupa-server
CVE-2012-3536	affect_product	apache hupa
CVE-2012-3536	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2011-5064	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-5064	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-5064	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2011-5064	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2021-46372	affect_library	com.erudika/para-client
CVE-2021-46372	affect_product	erudika scoold
CVE-2021-46372	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-17521	affect_library	org.codehaus.groovy/groovy-all
CVE-2020-17521	affect_library	org.codehaus.groovy/groovy
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	apache groovy
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle ilearning
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle retail_bulk_data_integration
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle hospitality_opera_5
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle communications_brm_-_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle retail_store_inventory_management
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle healthcare_data_repository
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle agile_plm_mcad_connector
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-17521	affect_product	apache atlas
CVE-2018-1000854	affect_library	org.esigate/esigate-core
CVE-2018-1000854	affect_product	esigate esigate
CVE-2018-1000854	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2018-1230	affect_library	org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager
CVE-2018-1230	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_batch_admin
CVE-2018-1230	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-2195	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compact-columns
CVE-2020-2195	affect_product	jenkins compact_columns
CVE-2020-2195	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-13943	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2020-13943	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2020-13943	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2020-13943	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-13943	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2020-13943	affect_product	oracle sd-wan_edge
CVE-2020-6958	affect_library	org.rzo.yajsw/wrapper
CVE-2020-6958	affect_product	yet_another_java_service_wrapper_project yet_another_java_service_wrapper
CVE-2020-6958	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-13343	affect_library	com.butor/portal
CVE-2019-13343	affect_product	butor portal
CVE-2019-13343	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-9511	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	apache traffic_server
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	synology skynas
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	synology diskstation_manager
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	redhat software_collections
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	redhat jboss_core_services
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	redhat quay
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	redhat openshift_service_mesh
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	mcafee web_gateway
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	f5 nginx
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	oracle enterprise_communications_broker
CVE-2019-9511	affect_product	nodejs node.js
CVE-2019-9511	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2020-2194	affect_library	io.jenkins.plugins/echarts-api
CVE-2020-2194	affect_product	jenkins echarts_api
CVE-2020-2194	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-1003082	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gearman-plugin
CVE-2019-1003082	affect_product	jenkins gearman
CVE-2019-1003082	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-2322	affect_library	io.jenkins.plugins/chaos-monkey
CVE-2020-2322	affect_product	netflix chaos_monkey
CVE-2020-2322	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2017-9735	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-security
CVE-2017-9735	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-jaspi
CVE-2017-9735	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server
CVE-2017-9735	affect_library	org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-util
CVE-2017-9735	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util
CVE-2017-9735	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2017-9735	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-9735	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2017-9735	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2017-9735	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2017-9735	affect_product	oracle rest_data_services
CVE-2017-9735	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2017-9735	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-203
CVE-2019-11278	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2019-11278	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common
CVE-2019-11278	affect_product	cloudfoundry user_account_and_authentication
CVE-2006-1547	affect_library	struts/struts
CVE-2006-1547	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2020-7647	affect_library	org.jooby/jooby
CVE-2020-7647	affect_library	io.jooby/jooby
CVE-2020-7647	affect_product	jooby jooby
CVE-2020-7647	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-1950	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika
CVE-2020-1950	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-parsers
CVE-2020-1950	affect_product	apache tika
CVE-2020-1950	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-1950	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-1950	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2020-1950	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2020-1950	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2020-1950	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2012-1592	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2012-1592	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2012-1592	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2015-2582	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-saml-core
CVE-2015-2582	affect_product	oracle solaris
CVE-2015-2582	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2015-2582	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2015-2582	affect_product	oracle mysql
CVE-2015-2582	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_desktop
CVE-2015-2582	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server
CVE-2015-2582	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_workstation
CVE-2015-2582	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_eus
CVE-2015-2582	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_tus
CVE-2015-2582	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_aus
CVE-2015-2582	affect_product	mariadb mariadb
CVE-2019-16561	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer
CVE-2019-16561	affect_product	jenkins websphere_deployer
CVE-2019-16561	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2021-28164	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	netapp santricity_cloud_connector
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	netapp e-series_performance_analyzer
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_web_services
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	netapp virtual_storage_console
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	netapp storage_replication_adapter_for_clustered_data_ontap
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	netapp vasa_provider_for_clustered_data_ontap
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	netapp cloud_manager
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	netapp snapcenter_plug-in
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_os_controller
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	netapp element_plug-in_for_vcenter_server
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	oracle siebel_core_-_automation
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2021-28164	affect_product	oracle banking_apis
CVE-2019-10212	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2019-10212	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2019-10212	affect_product	redhat jboss_data_grid
CVE-2019-10212	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2019-10212	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2019-10212	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-10212	affect_product	redhat openshift_application_runtimes
CVE-2019-10212	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2019-10212	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-532
CVE-2014-0116	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2014-0116	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2013-7285	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream
CVE-2013-7285	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8
CVE-2013-7285	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2013-7285	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2013-7285	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2018-8031	affect_library	org.apache.tomee/tomee-webapp
CVE-2018-8031	affect_product	apache tomee
CVE-2018-8031	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2014-3596	affect_library	org.apache.axis/axis
CVE-2014-3596	affect_library	axis/axis
CVE-2014-3596	affect_product	apache axis
CVE-2016-4978	affect_library	org.hornetq/hornetq-jms
CVE-2016-4978	affect_library	org.hornetq/hornetq-tools
CVE-2016-4978	affect_library	org.hornetq/hornetq-jboss-as-integration
CVE-2016-4978	affect_library	org.hornetq/hornetq-jms-client
CVE-2016-4978	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/artemis-jms-client
CVE-2016-4978	affect_product	apache activemq_artemis
CVE-2016-4978	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2013-1880	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-web
CVE-2013-1880	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2013-1880	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2009-1523	affect_library	jetty/jetty
CVE-2009-1523	affect_library	org.mortbay.jetty/jetty
CVE-2009-1523	affect_library	jetty/jetty-util
CVE-2009-1523	affect_library	org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-util
CVE-2009-1523	affect_product	mortbay jetty
CVE-2009-1523	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-2165	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory
CVE-2020-2165	affect_product	jfrog artifactory
CVE-2020-2165	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2015-1833	affect_library	org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav
CVE-2015-1833	affect_product	apache jackrabbit
CVE-2015-1833	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2016-0763	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2016-0763	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2016-0763	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2016-0763	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2016-0763	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-10286	affect_library	com.openmake/deployhub
CVE-2019-10286	affect_product	jenkins deployhub
CVE-2019-10286	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2020-8897	affect_library	com.amazonaws/aws-encryption-sdk-java
CVE-2020-8897	affect_product	amazon aws_encryption_sdk
CVE-2020-8897	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-327
CVE-2009-4269	affect_library	org.apache.derby/derby
CVE-2009-4269	affect_product	apache derby
CVE-2015-8851	affect_library	org.webjars/node-uuid
CVE-2015-8851	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-uuid
CVE-2015-8851	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/node-uuid
CVE-2015-8851	affect_product	node-uuid_project node-uuid
CVE-2015-8851	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-331
CVE-2019-16558	affect_library	com.inflectra.spiratest.plugins/inflectra-spira-integration
CVE-2019-16558	affect_product	jenkins spira_importer
CVE-2019-16558	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2019-9516	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	apache traffic_server
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	synology skynas
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	synology diskstation_manager
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	redhat software_collections
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	redhat jboss_core_services
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	redhat quay
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	redhat openshift_service_mesh
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	mcafee web_gateway
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	f5 nginx
CVE-2019-9516	affect_product	nodejs node.js
CVE-2019-9516	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2022-24198	affect_library	com.itextpdf/kernel
CVE-2022-24198	affect_product	itextpdf itext
CVE-2022-24198	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-125
CVE-2015-1610	affect_library	org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-model
CVE-2015-1610	affect_library	org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-impl
CVE-2015-1610	affect_product	opendaylight l2switch
CVE-2020-11002	affect_library	io.dropwizard/dropwizard-validation
CVE-2020-11002	affect_product	dropwizard dropwizard_validation
CVE-2020-11002	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2016-5398	affect_library	org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-client
CVE-2016-5398	affect_product	redhat jboss_bpm_suite
CVE-2016-5398	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-12418	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2019-12418	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2019-12418	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2019-12418	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-12418	affect_product	oracle workload_manager
CVE-2019-12418	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-12418	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-12418	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2019-10399	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2019-10399	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2018-11787	affect_library	org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf
CVE-2018-11787	affect_library	org.apache.karaf.webconsole/org.apache.karaf.webconsole.features
CVE-2018-11787	affect_product	apache karaf
CVE-2018-11787	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2019-14900	affect_library	org.hibernate/hibernate
CVE-2019-14900	affect_library	org.hibernate/hibernate-core
CVE-2019-14900	affect_product	hibernate hibernate_orm
CVE-2019-14900	affect_product	redhat decision_manager
CVE-2019-14900	affect_product	redhat openstack
CVE-2019-14900	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2019-14900	affect_product	redhat jboss_data_grid
CVE-2019-14900	affect_product	redhat jboss_middleware_text-only_advisories
CVE-2019-14900	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-14900	affect_product	redhat build_of_quarkus
CVE-2019-14900	affect_product	redhat fuse
CVE-2019-14900	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2019-14900	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2019-17359	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2019-17359	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on
CVE-2019-17359	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2019-17359	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15+
CVE-2019-17359	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2019-17359	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2019-17359	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2019-17359	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	apache tomee
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	netapp oncommand_api_services
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle soa_suite
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle managed_file_transfer
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_hcm_global_payroll_switzerland
CVE-2019-17359	affect_product	oracle communications_convergence
CVE-2019-17359	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2017-1000486	affect_library	org.primefaces/primefaces
CVE-2017-1000486	affect_product	primetek primefaces
CVE-2017-1000486	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-326
CVE-2020-27178	affect_library	org.apereo.cas/cas-server-webapp
CVE-2020-27178	affect_library	org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-otp-mfa-core
CVE-2020-27178	affect_product	apereo central_authentication_service
CVE-2017-12161	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2017-12161	affect_product	keycloak keycloak
CVE-2017-12161	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-640
CVE-2020-28885	affect_library	com.liferay/com.liferay.gogo.shell.web
CVE-2020-28885	affect_product	liferay liferay_portal
CVE-2020-28885	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2020-15842	affect_library	com.liferay.portal/portal-impl
CVE-2020-15842	affect_product	liferay liferay_portal
CVE-2020-15842	affect_product	liferay dxp
CVE-2020-15842	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-3150	affect_library	org.apache.atlas/apache-atlas
CVE-2017-3150	affect_product	apache atlas
CVE-2017-3150	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-1003066	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/bugzilla
CVE-2019-1003066	affect_product	jenkins bugzilla
CVE-2019-1003066	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2018-1308	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2018-1308	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-dataimporthandler
CVE-2018-1308	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2018-1308	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-1308	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2016-8741	affect_library	org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-core
CVE-2016-8741	affect_product	apache qpid_broker-j
CVE-2016-8741	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2014-3678	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/monitoring
CVE-2014-3678	affect_product	jenkins-ci monitoring_plugin
CVE-2014-3678	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-2173	affect_library	org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp
CVE-2016-2173	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2016-2173	affect_product	vmware spring_advanced_message_queuing_protocol
CVE-2016-2173	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2021-46037	affect_library	net.mingsoft/ms-mcms
CVE-2021-46037	affect_product	mingsoft mcms
CVE-2012-5887	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2012-5887	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2012-5887	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2012-5887	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2012-5887	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2012-5887	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2014-0033	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2014-0033	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2014-0033	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-1929	affect_library	org.apache.beam/beam-sdks-java-io-mongodb
CVE-2020-1929	affect_product	apache beam
CVE-2020-1929	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2020-2201	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonargraph-integration
CVE-2020-2201	affect_product	jenkins sonargraph_integration
CVE-2020-2201	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2015-7521	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-service
CVE-2015-7521	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive
CVE-2015-7521	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-exec
CVE-2015-7521	affect_product	apache hive
CVE-2015-7521	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2019-17495	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui
CVE-2019-17495	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist
CVE-2019-17495	affect_library	org.webjars/swagger-ui
CVE-2019-17495	affect_library	io.springfox/springfox-swagger-ui
CVE-2019-17495	affect_product	smartbear swagger_ui
CVE-2019-17495	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2019-17495	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2019-17495	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-17495	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-17495	affect_product	oracle banking_apis
CVE-2019-17495	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2014-3628	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr
CVE-2014-3628	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2014-3628	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2222	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2020-2222	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2020-2222	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10071	affect_library	org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core
CVE-2019-10071	affect_product	apache tapestry
CVE-2019-10071	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-203
CVE-2016-0734	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-parent
CVE-2016-0734	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console
CVE-2016-0734	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-web
CVE-2016-0734	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2016-10538	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/cli
CVE-2016-10538	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/FlipClock
CVE-2016-10538	affect_product	cli_project cli
CVE-2016-10538	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2016-10538	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-362
CVE-2017-2648	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-slaves
CVE-2017-2648	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ssh-slaves
CVE-2017-2648	affect_product	jenkins ssh_slaves
CVE-2017-2648	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2019-1003068	affect_library	com.inkysea.vmware.vra/vmware-vrealize-automation-plugin
CVE-2019-1003068	affect_product	jenkins vmware_vrealize_automation
CVE-2019-1003068	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2022-0265	affect_library	com.hazelcast/hazelcast-all
CVE-2022-0265	affect_library	com.hazelcast/hazelcast
CVE-2022-0265	affect_product	hazelcast hazelcast
CVE-2022-0265	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-4070	affect_library	org.w3c.css/css-validator
CVE-2020-4070	affect_product	w3c css_validator
CVE-2020-4070	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-21270	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2018-21270	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat
CVE-2018-21270	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2018-21270	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2018-21270	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bower
CVE-2018-21270	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/stringstream
CVE-2018-21270	affect_product	nodejs node.js
CVE-2018-21270	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-125
CVE-2015-1813	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-1813	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-1813	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2015-1813	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-0201	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/zookeeper
CVE-2019-0201	affect_library	org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper
CVE-2019-0201	affect_product	apache zookeeper
CVE-2019-0201	affect_product	apache drill
CVE-2019-0201	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2019-0201	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-0201	affect_product	redhat fuse
CVE-2019-0201	affect_product	oracle goldengate_stream_analytics
CVE-2019-0201	affect_product	oracle siebel_core_-_server_framework
CVE-2019-0201	affect_product	oracle timesten_in-memory_database
CVE-2019-0201	affect_product	netapp element_software
CVE-2019-0201	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2018-20239	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-mail
CVE-2018-20239	affect_product	atlassian application_links
CVE-2018-20239	affect_product	atlassian fisheye
CVE-2018-20239	affect_product	atlassian crucible
CVE-2018-20239	affect_product	atlassian jira_server
CVE-2018-20239	affect_product	atlassian jira_data_center
CVE-2018-20239	affect_product	atlassian confluence_data_center
CVE-2018-20239	affect_product	atlassian confluence_server
CVE-2018-20239	affect_product	atlassian crowd
CVE-2018-20239	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10358	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/maven-plugin
CVE-2019-10358	affect_product	jenkins maven
CVE-2019-10358	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-532
CVE-2014-0168	affect_library	org.jolokia/jolokia-osgi
CVE-2014-0168	affect_library	org.jolokia/jolokia-jvm
CVE-2014-0168	affect_library	org.jolokia/jolokia-core
CVE-2014-0168	affect_product	jolokia jolokia
CVE-2014-0168	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-10372	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth
CVE-2019-10372	affect_product	jenkins gitlab_oauth
CVE-2019-10372	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-601
CVE-2020-13949	affect_library	org.apache.thrift/libthrift
CVE-2020-13949	affect_product	apache thrift
CVE-2020-13949	affect_product	apache hive
CVE-2020-13949	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_slice_selection_function
CVE-2020-13949	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-13949	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2021-39149	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-39149	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-39149	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-9153	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/openpgp
CVE-2019-9153	affect_product	openpgpjs openpgpjs
CVE-2019-9153	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-347
CVE-2013-4590	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper
CVE-2013-4590	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2013-4590	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2013-4590	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ant
CVE-2013-4590	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ant
CVE-2013-4590	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-jasper
CVE-2013-4590	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2013-4590	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2013-4590	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2013-4590	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/jasper
CVE-2013-4590	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2013-4590	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2013-4590	affect_product	oracle solaris
CVE-2013-4590	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-7769	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/nodemailer
CVE-2020-7769	affect_product	nodemailer nodemailer
CVE-2020-7769	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-88
CVE-2020-5529	affect_library	net.sourceforge.htmlunit/htmlunit
CVE-2020-5529	affect_product	htmlunit htmlunit
CVE-2020-5529	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-5529	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2020-5529	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2020-5529	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-665
CVE-2014-0151	affect_library	org.ovirt.engine.sdk/ovirt-engine-sdk-java
CVE-2014-0151	affect_product	redhat ovirt-engine
CVE-2014-0151	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-1003087	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/labmanager
CVE-2019-1003087	affect_product	jenkins chef_sinatra
CVE-2019-1003087	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2017-12611	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2017-12611	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2017-12611	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2015-5344	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-xstream
CVE-2015-5344	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-core
CVE-2015-5344	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2018-1000144	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cucumber-living-documentation
CVE-2018-1000144	affect_product	jenkins cucumber_living_documentation
CVE-2018-1000144	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2012-4529	affect_library	org.jboss.as/jboss-as-web
CVE-2012-4529	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2012-4529	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2012-4529	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2012-4529	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2012-4529	affect_product	redhat jboss_community_application_server
CVE-2012-4529	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2015-9478	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/pretty-photo
CVE-2015-9478	affect_product	no-margin-for-error prettyphoto
CVE-2015-9478	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-3722	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2016-3722	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2016-3722	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2022-23559	affect_library	org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite
CVE-2022-23559	affect_product	google tensorflow
CVE-2022-23559	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-190
CVE-2020-2202	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader
CVE-2020-2202	affect_product	jenkins fortify_on_demand
CVE-2020-2202	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2019-1003020	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kanboard
CVE-2019-1003020	affect_product	jenkins kanboard
CVE-2019-1003020	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2020-1940	affect_library	org.apache.jackrabbit/oak-core
CVE-2020-1940	affect_product	apache jackrabbit_oak
CVE-2020-1940	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-212
CVE-2017-5636	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-content-access
CVE-2017-5636	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-api
CVE-2017-5636	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster
CVE-2017-5636	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-custom-ui-utilities
CVE-2017-5636	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-authorization
CVE-2017-5636	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security
CVE-2017-5636	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2017-5636	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2018-1999027	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saltstack
CVE-2018-1999027	affect_product	jenkins saltstack
CVE-2018-1999027	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-10910	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/mqtt
CVE-2017-10910	affect_product	mqtt.js_project mqtt.js
CVE-2017-10910	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-674
CVE-2020-1960	affect_library	org.apache.flink/flink-core
CVE-2020-1960	affect_library	org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-core
CVE-2020-1960	affect_library	org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.11
CVE-2020-1960	affect_library	org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx
CVE-2020-1960	affect_library	org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.12
CVE-2020-1960	affect_product	apache flink
CVE-2022-0981	affect_library	io.quarkus.resteasy.reactive/resteasy-reactive-vertx
CVE-2022-0981	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2022-0981	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2020-2122	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/brakeman
CVE-2020-2122	affect_product	jenkins brakeman
CVE-2020-2122	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1000610	affect_library	io.jenkins/configuration-as-code
CVE-2018-1000610	affect_product	jenkins configuration_as_code
CVE-2018-1000610	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2013-4116	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/browser-request
CVE-2013-4116	affect_product	node_packaged_modules_project node_packaged_modules
CVE-2013-4116	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-59
CVE-2008-0128	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2008-0128	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2016-2174	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/ranger
CVE-2016-2174	affect_product	apache ranger
CVE-2016-2174	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2019-0212	affect_library	org.apache.hbase/hbase
CVE-2019-0212	affect_library	org.apache.hbase/hbase-rest
CVE-2019-0212	affect_product	apache hbase
CVE-2020-2316	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/analysis-core
CVE-2020-2316	affect_product	jenkins static_analysis_utilities
CVE-2020-2316	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2012-1154	affect_library	org.jboss.mod_cluster/mod_cluster
CVE-2012-1154	affect_product	redhat mod_cluster
CVE-2012-1154	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2020-2123	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radargun
CVE-2020-2123	affect_product	jenkins radargun
CVE-2020-2123	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2014-3527	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2014-3527	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-cas
CVE-2014-3527	affect_product	vmware spring_security
CVE-2014-3527	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2017-15686	affect_library	org.craftercms/crafter-studio
CVE-2017-15686	affect_product	craftercms crafter_cms
CVE-2017-15686	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-5397	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc
CVE-2020-5397	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web
CVE-2020-5397	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2020-5397	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-webflux
CVE-2020-5397	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-webmvc
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration_j2ee
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle retail_assortment_planning
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-service
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle retail_financial_integration
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle rapid_planning
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle healthcare_master_person_index
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle financial_services_regulatory_reporting_with_agilereporter
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle insurance_calculation_engine
CVE-2020-5397	affect_product	oracle communications_brm_-_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2020-5397	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-10318	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-ad
CVE-2019-10318	affect_product	jenkins azure_ad
CVE-2019-10318	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10300	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-plugin
CVE-2019-10300	affect_product	jenkins gitlab
CVE-2019-10300	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-1718	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-parent
CVE-2020-1718	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2020-1718	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2020-1718	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2020-1718	affect_product	redhat openshift_application_runtimes
CVE-2020-1718	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2017-3162	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs
CVE-2017-3162	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2017-3162	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-2217	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage
CVE-2020-2217	affect_product	praqma compatibility_action_storage
CVE-2020-2217	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1000055	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/android-lint
CVE-2018-1000055	affect_product	jenkins android_lint
CVE-2018-1000055	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-8017	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-core
CVE-2018-8017	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-server
CVE-2018-8017	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-bundle
CVE-2018-8017	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-app
CVE-2018-8017	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-parsers
CVE-2018-8017	affect_product	apache tika
CVE-2018-8017	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2019-10078	affect_library	org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-main
CVE-2019-10078	affect_library	org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war
CVE-2019-10078	affect_product	apache jspwiki
CVE-2019-10078	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2014-4715	affect_library	net.jpountz.lz4/lz4
CVE-2014-4715	affect_product	yann_collet lz4
CVE-2011-3376	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2011-3376	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2011-3376	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2018-1115	affect_library	ru.yandex.qatools.embed/postgresql-embedded
CVE-2018-1115	affect_product	postgresql postgresql
CVE-2018-1115	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2018-1115	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-732
CVE-2013-1768	affect_library	org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-all
CVE-2013-1768	affect_library	org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-slice
CVE-2013-1768	affect_library	org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-lib
CVE-2013-1768	affect_library	org.apache.openjpa/openjpa
CVE-2013-1768	affect_library	org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-kernel
CVE-2013-1768	affect_product	apache openjpa
CVE-2022-25173	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps
CVE-2022-25173	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2022-25173	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2017-15693	affect_library	org.apache.geode/geode-modules
CVE-2017-15693	affect_library	org.apache.geode/geode-core
CVE-2017-15693	affect_product	apache geode
CVE-2017-15693	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-8018	affect_library	org.apache.ignite/ignite-core
CVE-2018-8018	affect_product	apache ignite
CVE-2018-8018	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-1698	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-authz-client
CVE-2020-1698	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2020-1698	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-532
CVE-2021-45046	affect_library	org.ops4j.pax.logging/pax-logging-log4j2
CVE-2021-45046	affect_library	org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j-core
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	apache log4j
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	intel oneapi
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	intel audio_development_kit
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	intel datacenter_manager
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	intel system_debugger
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	intel secure_device_onboard
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	intel sensor_solution_firmware_development_kit
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	intel computer_vision_annotation_tool
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	intel genomics_kernel_library
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	intel system_studio
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens logo\\!_soft_comfort
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens spectrum_power_4
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens siveillance_control_pro
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens energyip_prepay
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens siveillance_identity
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens siveillance_command
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens sipass_integrated
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens head-end_system_universal_device_integration_system
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens gma-manager
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens energyip
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens energy_engage
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens e-car_operation_center
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens desigo_cc_info_center
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens desigo_cc_advanced_reports
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens comos
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens captial
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens navigator
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens xpedition_package_integrator
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens xpedition_enterprise
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens vesys
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens teamcenter
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens spectrum_power_7
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens solid_edge_harness_design
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens solid_edge_cam_pro
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens siveillance_viewpoint
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens siveillance_vantage
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens siguard_dsa
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens sentron_powermanager
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens operation_scheduler
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens nx
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens opcenter_intelligence
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens mindsphere
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens mendix
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens industrial_edge_management_hub
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens industrial_edge_management
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	siemens tracealertserverplus
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	sonicwall email_security
CVE-2021-45046	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-45046	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-917
CVE-2012-0392	affect_library	com.opensymphony/xwork-core
CVE-2012-0392	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2012-0392	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2012-0392	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2018-12536	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp
CVE-2018-12536	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlet
CVE-2018-12536	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util
CVE-2018-12536	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server
CVE-2018-12536	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2018-12536	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2018-1999034	affect_library	com.inedo.proget/inedo-proget
CVE-2018-1999034	affect_product	jenkins inedo_proget
CVE-2018-1999034	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2018-16487	affect_library	org.fujion.webjars/lodash
CVE-2018-16487	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/lodash
CVE-2018-16487	affect_library	org.webjars/lodash
CVE-2018-16487	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.lodash/lodash
CVE-2018-16487	affect_product	lodash lodash
CVE-2016-6652	affect_library	org.springframework.data/spring-data-jpa
CVE-2016-6652	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_data_jpa
CVE-2016-6652	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2009-2693	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2009-2693	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2009-2693	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2009-2693	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2014-0121	affect_library	io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal
CVE-2014-0121	affect_product	hawt hawtio
CVE-2014-0121	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2014-0121	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2011-0534	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2011-0534	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2011-0534	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2020-7660	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript
CVE-2020-7660	affect_product	verizon serialize-javascript
CVE-2020-7660	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2008-6505	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2008-6505	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2008-6505	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-10398	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/beaker-builder
CVE-2019-10398	affect_product	jenkins beaker_builder
CVE-2019-10398	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10103	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib
CVE-2019-10103	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7
CVE-2019-10103	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-reflect
CVE-2019-10103	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common
CVE-2019-10103	affect_library	org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8
CVE-2019-10103	affect_product	jetbrains kotlin
CVE-2019-10103	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2017-18214	affect_library	org.webjars/momentjs
CVE-2017-18214	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/momentjs
CVE-2017-18214	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/moment
CVE-2017-18214	affect_library	org.webjars/AdminLTE
CVE-2017-18214	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/moment
CVE-2017-18214	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/github-com-moment-moment
CVE-2017-18214	affect_product	momentjs moment
CVE-2017-18214	affect_product	tenable nessus
CVE-2017-18214	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2016-8629	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2016-8629	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2016-8629	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-model-infinispan
CVE-2016-8629	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2019-10319	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pam-auth
CVE-2019-10319	affect_product	jenkins pluggable_authentication_module
CVE-2019-10319	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2019-16148	affect_library	org.sakaiproject/base
CVE-2019-16148	affect_library	org.sakaiproject/chat-base
CVE-2019-16148	affect_product	sakailms sakai
CVE-2019-16148	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-6429	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-webmvc
CVE-2013-6429	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.web
CVE-2013-6429	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2013-6429	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_framework
CVE-2013-6429	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2013-6429	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-5929	affect_library	ch.qos.logback/logback-access
CVE-2017-5929	affect_library	ch.qos.logback/logback-classic
CVE-2017-5929	affect_library	ch.qos.logback/logback-core
CVE-2017-5929	affect_product	qos logback
CVE-2017-5929	affect_product	redhat satellite
CVE-2017-5929	affect_product	redhat satellite_capsule
CVE-2017-5929	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-13236	affect_library	org.opencms/opencms-core
CVE-2019-13236	affect_product	alkacon opencms
CVE-2019-13236	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-16119	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat
CVE-2017-16119	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2017-16119	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/fresh
CVE-2017-16119	affect_product	fresh_project fresh
CVE-2017-16119	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2019-0225	affect_library	org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war
CVE-2019-0225	affect_library	org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-main
CVE-2019-0225	affect_product	apache jspwiki
CVE-2019-0225	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-17201	affect_library	org.apache.sanselan/sanselan
CVE-2018-17201	affect_product	apache commons_imaging
CVE-2016-0732	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2016-0732	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common
CVE-2016-0732	affect_product	cloudfoundry cf-release
CVE-2016-0732	affect_product	cloudfoundry user_account_and_authentication
CVE-2016-0732	affect_product	cloudfoundry uaa-release
CVE-2016-0732	affect_product	pivotal elastic_runtime
CVE-2016-0732	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-269
CVE-2018-1294	affect_library	org.apache.commons/commons-email
CVE-2018-1294	affect_product	apache commons_email
CVE-2018-1294	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2017-16010	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/i18next
CVE-2017-16010	affect_product	i18next i18next
CVE-2017-16010	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2014-0364	affect_library	org.igniterealtime.smack/smack
CVE-2014-0364	affect_library	jivesoftware/smack
CVE-2014-0364	affect_library	jivesoftware/smackx
CVE-2014-0364	affect_product	igniterealtime smack
CVE-2014-0364	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-345
CVE-2020-2310	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible
CVE-2020-2310	affect_product	jenkins ansible
CVE-2016-3084	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2016-3084	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-scim
CVE-2016-3084	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-login
CVE-2016-3084	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry
CVE-2016-3084	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2016-3084	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_elastic_runtime
CVE-2016-3084	affect_product	pivotal_software login-server
CVE-2016-3084	affect_product	cloudfoundry cloud_foundry_uaa_bosh
CVE-2019-1003026	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mattermost
CVE-2019-1003026	affect_product	jenkins mattermost
CVE-2019-1003026	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2017-4963	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa
CVE-2017-4963	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2017-4963	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common
CVE-2017-4963	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2017-4963	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_cf-release
CVE-2017-4963	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa-release
CVE-2017-4963	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-384
CVE-2021-36374	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ant
CVE-2021-36374	affect_library	org.apache.ant/ant
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	apache ant
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_store_inventory_management
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle enterprise_repository
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-service
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_advanced_inventory_planning
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_bulk_data_integration
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle communications_order_and_service_management
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle real-time_decision_server
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_financial_integration
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_extract_transform_and_load
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_eftlink
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle retail_invoice_matching
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle timesten_in-memory_database
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle product_lifecycle_analytics
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_intelligence_hub
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2021-36374	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_information_manager
CVE-2013-1777	affect_library	org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting
CVE-2013-1777	affect_product	ibm websphere_application_server
CVE-2013-1777	affect_product	apache geronimo
CVE-2013-1777	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2018-19413	affect_library	org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-plugin-api
CVE-2018-19413	affect_library	org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-server
CVE-2018-19413	affect_product	sonarsource sonarqube
CVE-2018-19413	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-1933	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api
CVE-2020-1933	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10753	affect_library	com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-eclipse-cdt
CVE-2019-10753	affect_library	com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-eclipse-wtp
CVE-2019-10753	affect_library	com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-eclipse-groovy
CVE-2019-10753	affect_product	diffplug eclipse-groovy
CVE-2019-10753	affect_product	diffplug eclipse-cdt
CVE-2019-10753	affect_product	diffplug eclipse-wtp
CVE-2019-10753	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-669
CVE-2021-21341	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream
CVE-2021-21341	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8
CVE-2021-21341	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-21341	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-21341	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-21341	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-21341	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2021-21341	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-21341	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-21341	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-21341	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-21341	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-21341	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2021-21341	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2018-1114	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2018-1114	affect_product	redhat virtualization_host
CVE-2018-1114	affect_product	redhat virtualization
CVE-2018-1114	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2018-1114	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2017-1000401	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000401	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000401	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2021-44550	affect_library	edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp
CVE-2021-44550	affect_product	stanford corenlp
CVE-2021-44550	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2021-39147	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-39147	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-39147	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-11793	affect_library	org.apache.mesos/mesos
CVE-2018-11793	affect_product	apache mesos
CVE-2018-11793	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2011-1183	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2011-1183	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2011-1183	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2011-2732	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-web
CVE-2011-2732	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2011-2732	affect_product	vmware springsource_spring_security
CVE-2011-2732	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2019-3873	affect_library	org.picketlink/picketlink-common
CVE-2019-3873	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2019-3873	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-0239	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle
CVE-2013-0239	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal
CVE-2013-0239	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security
CVE-2013-0239	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2013-0239	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2018-1000014	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/translation
CVE-2018-1000014	affect_library	org.hudsonci.plugins/translation
CVE-2018-1000014	affect_product	jenkins translation_assistance
CVE-2018-1000014	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2012-6612	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-dataimporthandler
CVE-2012-6612	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2012-6612	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2018-1258	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2018-1258	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config
CVE-2018-1258	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-config
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_security
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle enterprise_repository
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_integrator
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle communications_performance_intelligence_center
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_information_manager
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle healthcare_master_person_index
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle insurance_calculation_engine
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_insights
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle tape_library_acsls
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle communications_converged_application_server
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle service_architecture_leveraging_tuxedo
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle big_data_discovery
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle goldengate_for_big_data
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_mysql_database
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle retail_assortment_planning
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-service
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_fin_install
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle retail_financial_integration
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle micros_lucas
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	oracle communications_network_integrity
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	netapp storage_automation_store
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	netapp oncommand_unified_manager
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2018-1258	affect_product	redhat fuse
CVE-2018-1258	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2014-2059	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-2059	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2014-2059	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-1000182	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git
CVE-2018-1000182	affect_product	jenkins git
CVE-2018-1000182	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2020-5263	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/auth0-js
CVE-2020-5263	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/auth0.js
CVE-2020-5263	affect_product	auth0 auth0.js
CVE-2020-5263	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-16543	affect_library	com.inflectra.spiratest.plugins/inflectra-spira-integration
CVE-2019-16543	affect_product	jenkins spira_importer
CVE-2019-16543	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2018-20698	affect_library	com.floragunn/search-guard-kibana-plugin
CVE-2018-20698	affect_product	search-guard search_guard
CVE-2018-20698	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-601
CVE-2015-2944	affect_library	org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.api
CVE-2015-2944	affect_library	org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.servlets.post
CVE-2015-2944	affect_product	apache sling_servlets_post
CVE-2015-2944	affect_product	apache sling_api
CVE-2015-2944	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2230	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2020-2230	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2020-2230	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-36186	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	netapp cloud_backup
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_route
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-36186	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-36186	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-2263	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radiatorviewplugin
CVE-2020-2263	affect_product	jenkins radiator_view
CVE-2020-2263	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-4942	affect_library	org.webjars/yui
CVE-2013-4942	affect_product	yahoo yui
CVE-2013-4942	affect_product	moodle moodle
CVE-2013-4942	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10281	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/relution-publisher
CVE-2019-10281	affect_product	jenkins relution_enterprise_appstore_publisher
CVE-2019-10281	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-0192	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2019-0192	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2019-0192	affect_product	netapp storage_automation_store
CVE-2019-0192	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-1003031	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-project
CVE-2019-1003031	affect_product	jenkins matrix_project
CVE-2019-1003031	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-10437	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crx-content-package-deployer
CVE-2019-10437	affect_product	jenkins crx_content_package_deployer
CVE-2019-10437	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2014-0109	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle
CVE-2014-0109	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-api
CVE-2014-0109	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal
CVE-2014-0109	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-core
CVE-2014-0109	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2015-2575	affect_library	mysql/mysql-connector-java
CVE-2015-2575	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2015-2575	affect_product	suse linux_enterprise_desktop
CVE-2015-2575	affect_product	suse linux_enterprise_server
CVE-2015-2575	affect_product	suse linux_enterprise_software_development_kit
CVE-2015-2575	affect_product	mysql mysql
CVE-2018-1000600	affect_library	com.coravy.hudson.plugins.github/github
CVE-2018-1000600	affect_product	jenkins github
CVE-2018-1000600	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-23811	affect_library	com.xuxueli/xxl-job
CVE-2020-23811	affect_product	xuxueli xxl-job
CVE-2014-7808	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket-util
CVE-2014-7808	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket-core
CVE-2014-7808	affect_product	apache wicket
CVE-2013-4128	affect_library	org.jboss/jboss-ejb-client
CVE-2013-4128	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2011-5057	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2011-5057	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2013-2251	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2013-2251	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2013-2251	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-5229	affect_library	org.opencastproject/opencast-kernel
CVE-2020-5229	affect_library	org.opencastproject/opencast-userdirectory
CVE-2020-5229	affect_library	org.opencastproject/opencast-common
CVE-2020-5229	affect_library	org.opencastproject/opencast-common-jpa-impl
CVE-2020-5229	affect_product	apereo opencast
CVE-2020-5229	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-327
CVE-2016-10027	affect_library	org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-core
CVE-2016-10027	affect_library	org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp
CVE-2016-10027	affect_product	igniterealtime smack
CVE-2016-10027	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2016-10027	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-362
CVE-2017-12628	affect_library	org.apache.james/james-server
CVE-2017-12628	affect_library	org.apache.james/james-server-core
CVE-2017-12628	affect_product	apache james_server
CVE-2017-12628	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-10204	affect_library	org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-security
CVE-2020-10204	affect_library	org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-core
CVE-2020-10204	affect_product	sonatype nexus
CVE-2020-10204	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-10310	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible-tower
CVE-2019-10310	affect_product	jenkins ansible_tower
CVE-2019-10310	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-17573	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf
CVE-2019-17573	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle
CVE-2019-17573	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/apache-cxf
CVE-2019-17573	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http
CVE-2019-17573	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2019-17573	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2019-17573	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2019-17573	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2019-17573	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2019-17573	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2019-17573	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2019-17573	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-4213	affect_library	org.jboss/jboss-ejb-client
CVE-2013-4213	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2013-4213	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2012-3376	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs
CVE-2012-3376	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2019-13990	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.quartz
CVE-2019-13990	affect_library	org.quartz-scheduler/quartz
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	softwareag quartz
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle flexcube_investor_servicing
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware_mapviewer
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-service
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle communications_ip_service_activator
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle banking_payments
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle hyperion_infrastructure_technology
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_originations
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_product_manufacturing
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle google_guava_mapviewer
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle apache_batik_mapviewer
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	oracle terracotta_quartz_scheduler_mapviewer
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	apache tomee
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	netapp cloud_secure_agent
CVE-2019-13990	affect_product	atlassian jira_service_management
CVE-2019-13990	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-36181	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_route
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-36181	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36181	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2005-3164	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-ajp
CVE-2005-3164	affect_product	hitachi cosminexus_application_server
CVE-2005-3164	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2005-3164	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2017-7674	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2017-7674	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2017-7674	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2017-7674	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-345
CVE-2022-25176	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps
CVE-2022-25176	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2022-25176	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-59
CVE-2016-6798	affect_library	org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.xss
CVE-2016-6798	affect_product	apache sling
CVE-2016-6798	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2016-4436	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin
CVE-2016-4436	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2016-4436	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2020-8237	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/json-bigint
CVE-2020-8237	affect_product	json-bigint_project json-bigint
CVE-2020-8237	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2019-10383	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2019-10383	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-10383	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2019-10383	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-10383	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2014-4172	affect_library	org.jasig.cas/cas-client-core
CVE-2014-4172	affect_product	apereo .net_cas_client
CVE-2014-4172	affect_product	apereo java_cas_client
CVE-2014-4172	affect_product	apereo phpcas
CVE-2014-4172	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2014-4172	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2014-4172	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2020-21266	affect_library	org.broadleafcommerce/broadleaf-framework
CVE-2020-21266	affect_product	broadleafcommerce broadleaf_commerce
CVE-2020-21266	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-36518	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle sd-wan_edge
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle coherence
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_nextgen_oui_framework
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle financial_services_trade-based_anti_money_laundering
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle financial_services_behavior_detection_platform
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle big_data_spatial_and_graph
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle financial_services_enterprise_case_management
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_console
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_slice_selection_function
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle financial_services_crime_and_compliance_management_studio
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_repository_function
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_security_edge_protection_proxy
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle retail_sales_audit
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_empirica_signal
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle spatial_studio
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle primavera_p6_enterprise_project_portfolio_management
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_service_communication_proxy
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	oracle graph_server_and_client
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-36518	affect_product	netapp cloud_insights_acquisition_unit
CVE-2020-36518	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-787
CVE-2014-0074	affect_library	org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher
CVE-2014-0074	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-all
CVE-2014-0074	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-core
CVE-2014-0074	affect_product	apache shiro
CVE-2014-0074	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2019-11279	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common
CVE-2019-11279	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2019-11279	affect_product	cloudfoundry uaa_release
CVE-2017-12197	affect_library	org.jvnet.libpam4j/libpam4j
CVE-2017-12197	affect_library	org.kohsuke/libpam4j
CVE-2017-12197	affect_product	libpam4j_project libpam4j
CVE-2017-12197	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux
CVE-2017-12197	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-12197	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-2269	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/chosen-views-tabbar
CVE-2020-2269	affect_product	jenkins chosen-views-tabbar
CVE-2020-2269	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2240	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database
CVE-2020-2240	affect_product	jenkins database
CVE-2020-2240	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-9493	affect_library	org.apache.log4j/com.springsource.org.apache.log4j
CVE-2020-9493	affect_library	log4j/log4j
CVE-2020-9493	affect_library	org.clojars.aaroniba/log4j
CVE-2020-9493	affect_library	apache-log4j/log4j
CVE-2020-9493	affect_product	apache chainsaw
CVE-2020-9493	affect_product	apache log4j
CVE-2020-9493	affect_product	qos reload4j
CVE-2020-9493	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2016-10521	affect_library	org.webjars/jshamcrest
CVE-2016-10521	affect_product	jshamcrest_project jshamcrest
CVE-2016-10521	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2017-12159	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2017-12159	affect_product	keycloak keycloak
CVE-2017-12159	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-613
CVE-2013-3300	affect_library	net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.1
CVE-2013-3300	affect_library	net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.0
CVE-2013-3300	affect_library	net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.0-1
CVE-2013-3300	affect_library	net.liftweb/lift-json
CVE-2013-3300	affect_library	net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.1
CVE-2013-3300	affect_product	liftweb lift
CVE-2013-3300	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2017-12196	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2017-12196	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2017-12196	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2017-12196	affect_product	redhat virtualization
CVE-2017-12196	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2017-12196	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2018-25031	affect_library	io.springfox/springfox-swagger-ui
CVE-2018-25031	affect_product	smartbear swagger_ui
CVE-2018-25031	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-15758	affect_library	org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2
CVE-2018-15758	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_security_oauth
CVE-2018-1263	affect_library	org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-zip
CVE-2018-1263	affect_product	vmware spring_integration_zip
CVE-2018-1263	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-10418	affect_library	io.fabric8.pipeline/kubernetes-pipeline-arquillian-steps
CVE-2019-10418	affect_product	jenkins kubernetes_pipeline
CVE-2016-9487	affect_library	org.idpf/epubcheck
CVE-2016-9487	affect_product	w3 epubcheck
CVE-2016-9487	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-2226	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-auth
CVE-2020-2226	affect_product	jenkins matrix_authorization_strategy
CVE-2020-2226	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1000067	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000067	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000067	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2018-1000067	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2017-1000245	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh
CVE-2017-1000245	affect_product	jenkins ssh
CVE-2017-1000245	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10285	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/minio-storage
CVE-2019-10285	affect_product	jenkins minio_storage
CVE-2019-10285	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2018-9206	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/blueimp-file-upload
CVE-2018-9206	affect_product	jquery_file_upload_project jquery_file_upload
CVE-2018-9206	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2018-21234	affect_library	org.jodd/jodd-json
CVE-2018-21234	affect_product	jodd jodd
CVE-2018-21234	affect_product	apache hive
CVE-2018-21234	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-0187	affect_library	org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter
CVE-2019-0187	affect_library	org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core
CVE-2019-0187	affect_product	apache jmeter
CVE-2019-0187	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-327
CVE-2017-1000087	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-branch-source
CVE-2017-1000087	affect_product	jenkins github_branch_source
CVE-2017-1000087	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2017-1000084	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/parameterized-trigger
CVE-2017-1000084	affect_product	jenkins parameterized_trigger
CVE-2017-1000084	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2021-22118	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2021-22118	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle enterprise_data_quality
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle retail_assortment_planning
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle retail_financial_integration
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle communications_network_integrity
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle communications_interactive_session_recorder
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle healthcare_data_repository
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle communications_brm_-_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_service_communication_proxy
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_security_edge_protection_proxy
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_intelligence_hub
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	netapp hci
CVE-2021-22118	affect_product	netapp management_services_for_element_software
CVE-2021-22118	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-668
CVE-2019-0228	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	apache pdfbox
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	apache james
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	oracle hyperion_financial_reporting
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance_process_management
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2019-0228	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2019-0228	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2015-0264	affect_library	org.apache.camel/apache-camel
CVE-2015-0264	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-core
CVE-2015-0264	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2015-5349	affect_library	org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.plugins-parent
CVE-2015-5349	affect_library	org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core
CVE-2015-5349	affect_library	org.apache.directory.studio/ldapbrowser.core
CVE-2015-5349	affect_product	apache ldap_studio
CVE-2015-5349	affect_product	apache directory_studio
CVE-2015-5349	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-77
CVE-2018-16115	affect_library	com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3
CVE-2018-16115	affect_library	com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12
CVE-2018-16115	affect_library	com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11
CVE-2018-16115	affect_product	lightbend akka
CVE-2018-16115	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-338
CVE-2009-0783	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2009-0783	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2009-0783	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2009-0783	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-2204	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader
CVE-2020-2204	affect_product	jenkins fortify_on_demand
CVE-2020-2204	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2019-3797	affect_library	org.springframework.data/spring-data-jpa
CVE-2019-3797	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_data_java_persistence_api
CVE-2019-3797	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-2254	affect_library	io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-git-pipeline
CVE-2020-2254	affect_product	jenkins blue_ocean
CVE-2020-2254	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2015-8103	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-8103	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2015-8103	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-8103	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-1000542	affect_library	com.igormaznitsa/mind-map-swing-panel
CVE-2018-1000542	affect_product	netbeans-mmd-plugin_project netbeans-mmd-plugin
CVE-2018-1000542	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2016-3101	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extra-columns
CVE-2016-3101	affect_product	jenkins extra_columns
CVE-2016-3101	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1000189	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/absint-astree
CVE-2018-1000189	affect_product	jenkins absint_astree
CVE-2017-9801	affect_library	org.apache.commons/commons-email
CVE-2017-9801	affect_product	apache commons_email
CVE-2017-9801	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-24591	affect_library	org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.receiver.core
CVE-2020-24591	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_analytics
CVE-2020-24591	affect_product	wso2 api_microgateway
CVE-2020-24591	affect_product	wso2 api_manager
CVE-2020-24591	affect_product	wso2 enterprise_integrator
CVE-2020-24591	affect_product	wso2 api_manager_analytics
CVE-2020-24591	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-10406	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2019-10406	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-10406	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2021-39145	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-39145	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-39145	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10412	affect_library	com.inedo.proget/inedo-proget
CVE-2019-10412	affect_product	jenkins inedo_proget
CVE-2019-10412	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2022-27198	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials
CVE-2022-27198	affect_product	jenkins cloudbees_aws_credentials
CVE-2022-27198	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-10359	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.m2release/m2release
CVE-2019-10359	affect_product	jenkins m2release
CVE-2019-10359	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-1000402	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-plugin
CVE-2017-1000402	affect_library	commons-httpclient/commons-httpclient
CVE-2017-1000402	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-client
CVE-2017-1000402	affect_product	jenkins swarm
CVE-2017-1000402	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-2313	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-keyvault
CVE-2020-2313	affect_product	jenkins azure_key_vault
CVE-2017-3159	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-snakeyaml
CVE-2017-3159	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2017-3159	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-11415	affect_library	org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-coreui-plugin
CVE-2020-11415	affect_product	sonatype nexus_repository_manager
CVE-2020-11415	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-312
CVE-2019-10088	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-core
CVE-2019-10088	affect_product	apache tika
CVE-2019-10088	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2014-3530	affect_library	org.picketlink/picketlink-common
CVE-2014-3530	affect_library	org.picketlink/picketlink-core
CVE-2014-3530	affect_library	org.picketlink/picketlink-fed-core
CVE-2014-3530	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2014-3530	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2017-3586	affect_library	mysql/mysql-connector-java
CVE-2017-3586	affect_product	oracle mysql_connectors
CVE-2019-10447	affect_library	io.jenkins.plugins/sofy-ai
CVE-2019-10447	affect_product	jenkins sofy.ai
CVE-2019-10447	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-312
CVE-2015-5169	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2015-5169	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2015-5169	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-14439	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	apache drill
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	redhat jboss_middleware_text-only_advisories
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	oracle goldengate_stream_analytics
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	oracle siebel_engineering_-_installer_\\&_deployment
CVE-2019-14439	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2019-14439	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-1000153	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsphere-cloud
CVE-2018-1000153	affect_product	jenkins vsphere
CVE-2018-1000153	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2010-2227	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2010-2227	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2010-2227	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2010-2227	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2010-2227	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2017-5617	affect_library	com.kitfox.svg/svg-salamander
CVE-2017-5617	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-5617	affect_product	kitfox svg_salamander
CVE-2017-5617	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2021-37714	affect_library	org.jsoup/jsoup
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	jsoup jsoup
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	oracle flexcube_universal_banking
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	oracle hospitality_token_proxy_service
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	netapp management_services_for_element_software_and_netapp_hci
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	oracle middleware_common_libraries_and_tools
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	oracle financial_services_crime_and_compliance_management_studio
CVE-2021-37714	affect_product	oracle stream_analytics
CVE-2021-37714	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-248
CVE-2019-1003084	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management
CVE-2019-1003084	affect_product	jenkins zephyr_enterprise_test_management
CVE-2019-1003084	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-1000407	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000407	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000407	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-7611	affect_library	io.micronaut/micronaut-http-client
CVE-2020-7611	affect_library	io.micronaut/micronaut-http-netty
CVE-2020-7611	affect_product	objectcomputing micronaut
CVE-2020-7611	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2016-5725	affect_library	jsch/jsch
CVE-2016-5725	affect_library	com.jcraft/jsch
CVE-2016-5725	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2012-4549	affect_library	org.jboss.as/jboss-as-ejb3
CVE-2012-4549	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-9154	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/openpgp
CVE-2019-9154	affect_product	openpgpjs openpgpjs
CVE-2019-9154	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-347
CVE-2020-10693	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator
CVE-2020-10693	affect_library	org.hibernate/hibernate-validator
CVE-2020-10693	affect_library	org.hibernate.validator/hibernate-validator
CVE-2020-10693	affect_product	redhat hibernate_validator
CVE-2020-10693	affect_product	ibm websphere_application_server
CVE-2020-10693	affect_product	redhat satellite_capsule
CVE-2020-10693	affect_product	redhat satellite
CVE-2020-10693	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2020-10693	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-10693	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-12532	affect_library	org.richfaces/richfaces-a4j
CVE-2018-12532	affect_product	redhat richfaces
CVE-2018-12532	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-917
CVE-2016-3102	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2016-3102	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2017-12649	affect_library	com.liferay/com.liferay.asset.browser.web
CVE-2017-12649	affect_product	liferay liferay_portal
CVE-2017-12649	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-11693	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-sass
CVE-2018-11693	affect_product	sass-lang libsass
CVE-2018-11693	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-125
CVE-2008-2370	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2008-2370	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2008-2370	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2008-2370	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2015-6524	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-web
CVE-2015-6524	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker
CVE-2015-6524	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-all
CVE-2015-6524	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-jaas
CVE-2015-6524	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-core
CVE-2015-6524	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-osgi
CVE-2015-6524	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2015-6524	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2014-0229	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client
CVE-2014-0229	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs
CVE-2014-0229	affect_product	cloudera cdh
CVE-2014-0229	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2016-0711	affect_library	org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin
CVE-2016-0711	affect_product	apache jetspeed
CVE-2016-0711	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-17717	affect_library	org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-ldap-common
CVE-2017-17717	affect_library	org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-core
CVE-2017-17717	affect_library	org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-security
CVE-2017-17717	affect_product	sonatype nexus_repository_manager
CVE-2017-17717	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-327
CVE-2015-4165	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch
CVE-2015-4165	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2015-4165	affect_product	elasticsearch elasticsearch
CVE-2012-5633	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs
CVE-2012-5633	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap
CVE-2012-5633	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security
CVE-2012-5633	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle
CVE-2012-5633	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal
CVE-2012-5633	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-xml
CVE-2012-5633	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-api
CVE-2012-5633	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-core
CVE-2012-5633	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2012-5633	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2018-1000188	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cas-plugin
CVE-2018-1000188	affect_product	jenkins cas
CVE-2018-1000188	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2016-4434	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-core
CVE-2016-4434	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika
CVE-2016-4434	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-bundle
CVE-2016-4434	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-parsers
CVE-2016-4434	affect_product	apache tika
CVE-2016-4434	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2011-4343	affect_library	org.apache.myfaces.shared/myfaces-shared-core
CVE-2011-4343	affect_library	org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-bundle
CVE-2011-4343	affect_library	org.apache.myfaces.core.internal/myfaces-impl-shared
CVE-2011-4343	affect_library	org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-impl
CVE-2011-4343	affect_library	org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-api
CVE-2011-4343	affect_product	apache myfaces
CVE-2011-4343	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-1003048	affect_library	com.programmingresearch/prqa-plugin
CVE-2019-1003048	affect_product	jenkins prqa
CVE-2019-1003048	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2011-2731	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2011-2731	affect_product	vmware springsource_spring_security
CVE-2011-2731	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-362
CVE-2017-7556	affect_library	io.hawt/project
CVE-2017-7556	affect_library	io.hawt/hawtio-springboot
CVE-2017-7556	affect_product	hawt hawtio
CVE-2017-7556	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-1297	affect_library	org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core
CVE-2018-1297	affect_product	apache jmeter
CVE-2018-1297	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2020-24706	affect_library	org.wso2.carbon/org.wso2.carbon.ui
CVE-2020-24706	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_analytics
CVE-2020-24706	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_as_key_manager
CVE-2020-24706	affect_product	wso2 identity_server
CVE-2020-24706	affect_product	wso2 api_manager
CVE-2020-24706	affect_product	wso2 api_manager_analytics
CVE-2020-24706	affect_product	wso2 iot_server
CVE-2020-24706	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2234	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent
CVE-2020-2234	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven
CVE-2020-2234	affect_product	jenkins pipeline_maven_integration
CVE-2020-2234	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2014-0110	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle
CVE-2014-0110	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal
CVE-2014-0110	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-api
CVE-2014-0110	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs
CVE-2014-0110	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-core
CVE-2014-0110	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http
CVE-2014-0110	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2019-3772	affect_library	org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.ws
CVE-2019-3772	affect_library	org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.xml
CVE-2019-3772	affect_library	org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-xml
CVE-2019-3772	affect_library	org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-ws
CVE-2019-3772	affect_product	vmware spring_integration
CVE-2019-3772	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2019-3772	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-11269	affect_library	org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth
CVE-2019-11269	affect_library	org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2
CVE-2019-11269	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_security_oauth
CVE-2019-11269	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending
CVE-2019-11269	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-601
CVE-2019-1010249	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-apps-cpman-app
CVE-2019-1010249	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-app-cpman
CVE-2019-1010249	affect_product	linuxfoundation open_network_operating_system
CVE-2019-1010249	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-190
CVE-2019-1003083	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gearman-plugin
CVE-2019-1003083	affect_product	jenkins gearman
CVE-2019-1003083	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2019-17571	affect_library	org.slf4j/nlog4j
CVE-2019-17571	affect_library	org.clojars.aaroniba/log4j
CVE-2019-17571	affect_library	apache-log4j/log4j
CVE-2019-17571	affect_library	log4j/log4j
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	apache log4j
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_studio
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	oracle rapid_planning
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	oracle financial_services_lending_and_leasing
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	oracle communications_network_integrity
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	oracle retail_extract_transform_and_load
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2019-17571	affect_product	apache bookkeeper
CVE-2019-17571	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-17485	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2017-17485	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2017-17485	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-17485	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2017-17485	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2017-17485	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_web_services_proxy
CVE-2017-17485	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_os_controller
CVE-2017-17485	affect_product	netapp oncommand_shift
CVE-2017-17485	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-2110	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2020-2110	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2020-2110	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-10394	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2019-10394	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2019-1003058	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ftppublisher
CVE-2019-1003058	affect_product	jenkins ftp_publisher
CVE-2019-1003058	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-8032	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa
CVE-2017-8032	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2017-8032	affect_product	cloudfoundry cloud_foundry_uaa_bosh
CVE-2017-8032	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_cf
CVE-2017-8032	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-269
CVE-2015-1772	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive
CVE-2015-1772	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-exec
CVE-2015-1772	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-service
CVE-2015-1772	affect_product	ibm infosphere_biginsights
CVE-2015-1772	affect_product	apache hive
CVE-2015-1772	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2017-9802	affect_library	org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.servlets.post
CVE-2017-9802	affect_product	apache sling_servlets_post
CVE-2017-9802	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-11753	affect_library	org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-repository
CVE-2020-11753	affect_product	sonatype nexus_repository_manager_3
CVE-2020-11753	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2013-7397	affect_library	com.ning/async-http-client
CVE-2013-7397	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2013-7397	affect_product	async-http-client_project async-http-client
CVE-2013-7397	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-345
CVE-2021-35517	affect_library	org.apache.commons/commons-compress
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	apache commons_compress
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle flexcube_universal_banking
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle financial_services_enterprise_case_management
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle healthcare_data_repository
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle banking_party_management
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle banking_apis
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_service_communication_proxy
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle banking_payments
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_intelligence_hub
CVE-2021-35517	affect_product	oracle financial_services_crime_and_compliance_management_studio
CVE-2021-35517	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2019-12741	affect_library	ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-testpage-overlay
CVE-2019-12741	affect_library	ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-base
CVE-2019-12741	affect_product	fhir hapi_fhir
CVE-2019-12741	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2007-5613	affect_library	org.mortbay.jetty/jetty
CVE-2007-5613	affect_product	mortbay_jetty jetty
CVE-2007-5613	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-15170	affect_library	com.ctrip.framework.apollo/apollo-client
CVE-2020-15170	affect_library	com.ctrip.framework.apollo/apollo-core
CVE-2020-15170	affect_product	ctrip apollo
CVE-2018-1999031	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/meliora-testlab
CVE-2018-1999031	affect_product	jenkins meliora_testlab
CVE-2018-1999031	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-1000146	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner
CVE-2018-1000146	affect_product	jenkins liquibase_runner
CVE-2018-10054	affect_library	com.h2database/h2
CVE-2018-10054	affect_product	h2database h2
CVE-2018-10054	affect_product	cognitect datomic
CVE-2018-10054	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-2192	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-plugin
CVE-2020-2192	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm
CVE-2020-2192	affect_product	jenkins self-organizing_swarm_modules
CVE-2020-2192	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-2298	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nerrvana-plugin
CVE-2020-2298	affect_product	jenkins nerrvana
CVE-2019-19040	affect_library	org.kairosdb/kairosdb
CVE-2019-19040	affect_product	kairosdb_project kairosdb
CVE-2019-19040	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2015-0250	affect_library	batik/batik-dom
CVE-2015-0250	affect_library	org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-dom
CVE-2015-0250	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2015-0250	affect_product	apache batik
CVE-2015-0250	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_brms_platform
CVE-2017-5649	affect_library	org.apache.geode/geode-pulse
CVE-2017-5649	affect_library	org.apache.storm/storm-core
CVE-2017-5649	affect_product	apache geode
CVE-2017-5649	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-1000422	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crowd2
CVE-2018-1000422	affect_product	atlassian crowd2
CVE-2018-1000422	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2015-3192	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2015-3192	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-oxm
CVE-2015-3192	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.web
CVE-2015-3192	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web
CVE-2015-3192	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2015-3192	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-oxm
CVE-2015-3192	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_framework
CVE-2015-3192	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2015-3192	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2015-3192	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2021-21345	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8
CVE-2021-21345	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream
CVE-2021-21345	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-21345	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-21345	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-21345	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-21345	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2021-21345	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-21345	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-21345	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2021-21345	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2021-21345	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2021-21345	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-21345	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-21345	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-21345	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2021-21345	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2018-19837	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-sass
CVE-2018-19837	affect_product	sass-lang libsass
CVE-2018-19837	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2017-15700	affect_library	org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.auth.core
CVE-2017-15700	affect_product	apache sling_authentication_service
CVE-2017-15700	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2014-0094	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2014-0094	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2019-25057	affect_library	net.corda/corda-serialization
CVE-2019-25057	affect_product	r3 corda
CVE-2019-10374	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pegdown-formatter
CVE-2019-10374	affect_product	jenkins pegdown_formatter
CVE-2019-10374	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2015-5237	affect_library	com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java
CVE-2015-5237	affect_product	google protobuf
CVE-2015-5237	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-787
CVE-2020-15777	affect_library	com.gradle/gradle-enterprise-maven-extension
CVE-2020-15777	affect_product	gradle maven
CVE-2020-15777	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2011-4858	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2011-4858	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-4858	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-4858	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2011-4858	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2019-3774	affect_library	org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-core
CVE-2019-3774	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-infrastructure
CVE-2019-3774	affect_library	org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-infrastructure
CVE-2019-3774	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_batch
CVE-2019-3774	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-11082	affect_library	de.tudarmstadt.ukp.dkpro.core/de.tudarmstadt.ukp.dkpro.core.api.datasets-asl
CVE-2019-11082	affect_product	dkpro-core_project dkpro-core
CVE-2019-11082	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-3258	affect_library	mysql/mysql-connector-java
CVE-2018-3258	affect_product	oracle connector\\/j
CVE-2018-1328	affect_library	org.apache.zeppelin/zeppelin
CVE-2018-1328	affect_product	apache zeppelin
CVE-2018-1328	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2218	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.qc/hp-quality-center
CVE-2020-2218	affect_product	hp_application_lifecycle_management_quality_center_project hp_application_lifecycle_management_quality_center
CVE-2020-2218	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2020-7793	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.faisalman/ua-parser-js
CVE-2020-7793	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js
CVE-2020-7793	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js
CVE-2020-7793	affect_product	ua-parser-js_project ua-parser-js
CVE-2020-7793	affect_product	siemens sinec_ins
CVE-2017-9790	affect_library	org.apache.mesos/mesos
CVE-2017-9790	affect_product	apache mesos
CVE-2017-9790	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-416
CVE-2011-3375	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2011-3375	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2011-3375	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2011-3375	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2011-3375	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-3375	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2011-3375	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-1190	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-model
CVE-2018-1190	affect_product	pivotal uaa_bosh
CVE-2018-1190	affect_product	pivotal uaa
CVE-2018-1190	affect_product	cloudfoundry cf-release
CVE-2018-1190	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-16530	affect_library	org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-core
CVE-2019-16530	affect_product	sonatype nexus_repository_manager
CVE-2019-16530	affect_product	sonatype nexus_iq_server
CVE-2019-16530	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2015-7559	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-all
CVE-2015-7559	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-client
CVE-2015-7559	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2015-7559	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2015-7559	affect_product	redhat jboss_a-mq
CVE-2015-7559	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2015-1776	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app
CVE-2015-1776	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client
CVE-2015-1776	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
CVE-2015-1776	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2015-1776	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-2264	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/custom-job-icon
CVE-2020-2264	affect_product	jenkins custom_job_icon
CVE-2020-2264	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-28500	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/lodash-es
CVE-2020-28500	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/lodash
CVE-2020-28500	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string
CVE-2020-28500	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/lodash
CVE-2020-28500	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/FlipClock
CVE-2020-28500	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.alex-saunders/sliding-pages
CVE-2020-28500	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/floatthead
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	lodash lodash
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle enterprise_communications_broker
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance_process_management
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle communications_session_border_controller
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle communications_design_studio
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_data_management_workbench
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	oracle financial_services_crime_and_compliance_management_studio
CVE-2020-28500	affect_product	siemens sinec_ins
CVE-2018-10899	affect_library	org.jolokia/jolokia-jvm
CVE-2018-10899	affect_library	org.jolokia/jolokia-osgi
CVE-2018-10899	affect_library	org.jolokia/jolokia-core
CVE-2018-10899	affect_product	jolokia jolokia
CVE-2018-10899	affect_product	redhat openstack
CVE-2018-10899	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-12541	affect_library	io.vertx/vertx-core
CVE-2018-12541	affect_product	eclipse vert.x
CVE-2018-12541	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2018-1000113	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/testlink
CVE-2018-1000113	affect_product	jenkins testlink
CVE-2018-1000113	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-11343	affect_library	org.torpedoquery/org.torpedoquery
CVE-2019-11343	affect_product	torpedoquery torpedo_query
CVE-2021-29505	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance_process_management
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	oracle banking_cash_management
CVE-2021-29505	affect_product	oracle communications_brm_-_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-29505	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2017-12631	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2
CVE-2017-12631	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring3
CVE-2017-12631	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring
CVE-2017-12631	affect_product	apache cxf_fediz
CVE-2017-12631	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-3787	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2019-3787	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common
CVE-2019-3787	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-client-lib
CVE-2019-3787	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa-release
CVE-2019-3787	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-640
CVE-2013-4221	affect_library	org.restlet.osgi/org.restlet
CVE-2013-4221	affect_product	restlet restlet
CVE-2020-2139	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cobertura
CVE-2020-2139	affect_product	jenkins cobertura
CVE-2020-2139	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-1000608	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zos-connector
CVE-2018-1000608	affect_product	jenkins z\\/os_connector
CVE-2018-1000608	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10357	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib
CVE-2019-10357	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2019-10357	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-10357	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-2257	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/validating-string-parameter
CVE-2020-2257	affect_product	jenkins validating_string_parameter
CVE-2020-2257	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-15252	affect_library	org.xwiki.platform/xwiki-platform-oldcore
CVE-2020-15252	affect_product	xwiki xwiki
CVE-2020-15252	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2010-1622	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2010-1622	affect_library	org.springframework/spring
CVE-2010-1622	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.beans
CVE-2010-1622	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-beans
CVE-2010-1622	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware
CVE-2010-1622	affect_product	springsource spring_framework
CVE-2010-1622	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2020-7662	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions
CVE-2020-7662	affect_product	websocket-extensions_project websocket-extensions
CVE-2019-10435	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vault-scm-plugin
CVE-2019-10435	affect_product	jenkins sourcegear_vault
CVE-2019-10435	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2011-4367	affect_library	org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-impl
CVE-2011-4367	affect_product	apache myfaces
CVE-2011-4367	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-10326	affect_library	io.jenkins.plugins/warnings-ng
CVE-2019-10326	affect_product	jenkins warnings_next_generation
CVE-2019-10326	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2013-2165	affect_library	org.richfaces/richfaces
CVE-2013-2165	affect_library	org.richfaces.framework/richfaces-impl
CVE-2013-2165	affect_product	redhat jboss_operations_network
CVE-2013-2165	affect_product	redhat richfaces
CVE-2013-2165	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_web_platform
CVE-2013-2165	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_portal_platform
CVE-2013-2165	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_soa_platform
CVE-2013-2165	affect_product	redhat jboss_web_framework_kit
CVE-2013-2165	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2013-2165	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_brms_platform
CVE-2019-10469	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox
CVE-2019-10469	affect_library	com.elasticbox.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox
CVE-2019-10469	affect_product	jenkins kubernetes_ci
CVE-2019-10469	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2019-1003043	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack
CVE-2019-1003043	affect_product	jenkins slack_notification
CVE-2019-1003043	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-14446	affect_library	org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.identity.entitlement.ui
CVE-2020-14446	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_as_key_manager
CVE-2020-14446	affect_product	wso2 identity_server
CVE-2020-14446	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-601
CVE-2018-18893	affect_library	com.hubspot.jinjava/jinjava
CVE-2018-18893	affect_product	hubspot jinjava
CVE-2020-26282	affect_library	com.browserup/browserup-proxy
CVE-2020-26282	affect_library	com.browserup/browserup-proxy-rest
CVE-2020-26282	affect_product	browserup browserup_proxy
CVE-2020-26282	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2019-10363	affect_library	io.jenkins/configuration-as-code
CVE-2019-10363	affect_product	jenkins configuration_as_code
CVE-2019-10363	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2018-11762	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-core
CVE-2018-11762	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-app
CVE-2018-11762	affect_product	apache tika
CVE-2018-11762	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-cli
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-solr-processors
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-security-utils
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-jetty
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-email-processors
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-client
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-lumberjack-processors
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-aws-abstract-processors
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-standard-processors
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-properties
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-core
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-elasticsearch-processors
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-tls
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-splunk-processors
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-lookup-services
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-api
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-utils
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service-api
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-reporting-task
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-mongodb-processors
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-socket-utils
CVE-2020-9491	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-bootstrap
CVE-2020-9491	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2020-9491	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-327
CVE-2020-2247	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/klocwork
CVE-2020-2247	affect_product	jenkins klocwork_analysis
CVE-2020-2247	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2016-6796	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2016-6796	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper
CVE-2016-6796	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2016-6796	affect_library	tomcat/jasper-compiler
CVE-2016-6796	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/jasper
CVE-2016-6796	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-jasper
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	netapp oncommand_shift
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	oracle tekelec_platform_distribution
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_desktop
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_workstation
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_aus
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_web_server
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_eus
CVE-2016-6796	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_tus
CVE-2021-36151	affect_library	org.apache.gobblin/gobblin-utility
CVE-2021-36151	affect_product	apache gobblin
CVE-2021-36151	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-10344	affect_library	io.jenkins/configuration-as-code
CVE-2019-10344	affect_product	jenkins configuration_as_code
CVE-2019-10344	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2018-20242	affect_library	org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war
CVE-2018-20242	affect_product	apache jspwiki
CVE-2018-20242	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-1724	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2020-1724	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2020-1724	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2020-1724	affect_product	redhat openshift_application_runtimes
CVE-2020-1724	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-613
CVE-2013-0158	affect_library	io.provis/provisio-jenkins-runtime
CVE-2013-0158	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2013-0158	affect_product	cloudbees jenkins
CVE-2013-0158	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2016-4987	affect_library	com.tupilabs.image_gallery/image-gallery
CVE-2016-4987	affect_product	jenkins image_gallery
CVE-2016-4987	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-10419	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/application-director-plugin
CVE-2019-10419	affect_product	jenkins vfabric_application_director
CVE-2019-10419	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2018-1000844	affect_library	com.squareup.retrofit2/converter-jaxb
CVE-2018-1000844	affect_library	com.squareup.retrofit2/retrofit
CVE-2018-1000844	affect_product	squareup retrofit
CVE-2018-1000844	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-7658	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-client
CVE-2017-7658	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket
CVE-2017-7658	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http
CVE-2017-7658	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_payment
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	oracle rest_data_services
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	netapp santricity_cloud_connector
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_web_services
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_management
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_os_controller
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	netapp solidfire
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	netapp hci_management_node
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	netapp oncommand_unified_manager_for_7-mode
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	netapp storage_services_connector
CVE-2017-7658	affect_product	netapp hci_storage_node
CVE-2017-7658	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2014-0096	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2014-0096	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2014-0096	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2014-0096	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2017-1000095	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2017-1000095	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2017-1000095	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-732
CVE-2018-1000175	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/htmlpublisher
CVE-2018-1000175	affect_product	jenkins html_publisher
CVE-2018-1000175	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2021-34428	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	netapp santricity_cloud_connector
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_web_services
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_os_controller
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	netapp element_plug-in_for_vcenter_server
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	oracle siebel_core_-_automation
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	oracle rest_data_services
CVE-2021-34428	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2021-34428	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-613
CVE-2017-9796	affect_library	org.apache.geode/gemfire-core
CVE-2017-9796	affect_library	org.apache.geode/geode-core
CVE-2017-9796	affect_product	apache geode
CVE-2017-9796	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2015-0279	affect_library	org.richfaces.ui/richfaces-components-ui
CVE-2015-0279	affect_library	org.richfaces/richfaces-a4j
CVE-2015-0279	affect_product	redhat richfaces
CVE-2015-0279	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2020-13692	affect_library	postgresql/postgresql
CVE-2020-13692	affect_library	org.postgresql/postgresql
CVE-2020-13692	affect_product	postgresql postgresql_jdbc_driver
CVE-2020-13692	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2020-13692	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2020-13692	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-13692	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-13692	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-2266	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/description-column-plugin
CVE-2020-2266	affect_product	jenkins description_column
CVE-2020-2266	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-12542	affect_library	io.vertx/vertx-web
CVE-2018-12542	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2016-3093	affect_library	com.opensymphony/xwork-core
CVE-2016-3093	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2016-3093	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ognl
CVE-2016-3093	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2016-3093	affect_library	ognl/ognl
CVE-2016-3093	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-25020	affect_library	net.sf.mpxj/mpxj
CVE-2020-25020	affect_product	mpxj mpxj
CVE-2020-25020	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-25020	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-1956	affect_library	org.apache.kylin/kylin-server-base
CVE-2020-1956	affect_library	org.apache.kylin/kylin-core-common
CVE-2020-1956	affect_product	apache kylin
CVE-2020-1956	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2016-7051	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml
CVE-2016-7051	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-dataformat-xml
CVE-2016-7051	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2012-5636	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket-core
CVE-2012-5636	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket
CVE-2012-5636	affect_product	apache wicket
CVE-2012-5636	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10199	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2019-10199	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2019-10199	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2019-10199	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-11040	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2018-11040	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc
CVE-2018-11040	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web
CVE-2018-11040	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-websocket
CVE-2018-11040	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-webmvc
CVE-2018-11040	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_integrator
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle healthcare_master_person_index
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_insights
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle utilities_network_management_system
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle communications_online_mediation_controller
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle retail_clearance_optimization_engine
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle micros_lucas
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle communications_network_integrity
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle retail_advanced_inventory_planning
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle insurance_calculation_engine
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle retail_markdown_optimization
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2018-11040	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-11040	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-829
CVE-2018-1000643	affect_library	org.owasp.antisamy/antisamy
CVE-2017-12158	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-server-spi-private
CVE-2017-12158	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2017-12158	affect_product	keycloak keycloak
CVE-2017-12158	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-27196	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13
CVE-2020-27196	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.10
CVE-2020-27196	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M5
CVE-2020-27196	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13.0-M3
CVE-2020-27196	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M3
CVE-2020-27196	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.11
CVE-2020-27196	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play_2.12
CVE-2020-27196	affect_product	lightbend play_framework
CVE-2020-27196	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-787
CVE-2013-0248	affect_library	commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload
CVE-2013-0248	affect_product	apache commons_fileupload
CVE-2017-5662	affect_library	batik/batik-dom
CVE-2017-5662	affect_library	org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-dom
CVE-2017-5662	affect_product	apache batik
CVE-2017-5662	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-3151	affect_library	org.apache.atlas/apache-atlas
CVE-2017-3151	affect_product	apache atlas
CVE-2017-3151	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2012-2733	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2012-2733	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2012-2733	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2012-2733	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2012-2733	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2012-2733	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-10797	affect_library	org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty
CVE-2019-10797	affect_product	wso2 transport-http
CVE-2019-20330	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle trace_file_analyzer
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle siebel_engineering_-_installer_\\&_deployment
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle retail_sales_audit
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle goldengate_stream_analytics
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_slice_selection_function
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	netapp oncommand_api_services
CVE-2019-20330	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2019-20330	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-2319	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/labmanager
CVE-2020-2319	affect_product	jenkins vmware_lab_manager_slaves
CVE-2020-2319	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2012-0047	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket
CVE-2012-0047	affect_product	apache wicket
CVE-2012-0047	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-13098	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2017-13098	affect_library	com.madgag.spongycastle/bctls-jdk15on
CVE-2017-13098	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2017-13098	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bctls-jdk15on
CVE-2017-13098	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2017-13098	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-203
CVE-2017-15682	affect_library	org.craftercms/crafter-studio
CVE-2017-15682	affect_product	craftercms crafter_cms
CVE-2017-15682	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2007-5333	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2007-5333	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2007-5333	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2021-39150	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-39150	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-39150	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2020-2324	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cvs
CVE-2020-2324	affect_product	jenkins cvs
CVE-2020-2324	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-35460	affect_library	net.sf.mpxj/mpxj
CVE-2020-35460	affect_product	mpxj mpxj
CVE-2020-35460	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-35460	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-10429	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-logo
CVE-2019-10429	affect_product	jenkins gitlab_logo
CVE-2019-10429	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-1003040	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2019-1003040	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2019-1003040	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-1003040	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-470
CVE-2018-1999043	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1999043	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1999043	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-772
CVE-2013-2067	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2013-2067	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2013-2067	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2013-2067	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2019-16772	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/serialize-to-js
CVE-2019-16772	affect_product	serialize-to-js_project serialize-to-js
CVE-2019-16772	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2014-2058	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-2058	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2020-13937	affect_library	org.apache.kylin/kylin
CVE-2020-13937	affect_library	org.apache.kylin/kylin-server-base
CVE-2020-13937	affect_library	org.apache.kylin/kylin-core-job
CVE-2020-13937	affect_product	apache kylin
CVE-2020-13937	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-922
CVE-2019-1010266	affect_library	org.fujion.webjars/lodash
CVE-2019-1010266	affect_library	org.webjars/lodash
CVE-2019-1010266	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/FlipClock
CVE-2019-1010266	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string
CVE-2019-1010266	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/lodash-es
CVE-2019-1010266	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.alex-saunders/sliding-pages
CVE-2019-1010266	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/lodash
CVE-2019-1010266	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.lodash/lodash
CVE-2019-1010266	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/lodash
CVE-2019-1010266	affect_product	lodash lodash
CVE-2019-1010266	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2020-35774	affect_library	com.twitter/twitter-server_2.9.2
CVE-2020-35774	affect_library	com.twitter/twitter-server_2.11
CVE-2020-35774	affect_library	com.twitter/twitter-server_2.13
CVE-2020-35774	affect_library	com.twitter/twitter-server_2.10
CVE-2020-35774	affect_library	com.twitter/twitter-server_2.12
CVE-2020-35774	affect_product	twitter twitter-server
CVE-2020-35774	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-6372	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion
CVE-2013-6372	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/subversion
CVE-2013-6372	affect_product	jenkins-ci subversion-plugin
CVE-2020-2282	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/implied-labels
CVE-2020-2282	affect_product	jenkins implied_labels
CVE-2020-2282	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-7780	affect_library	com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.12
CVE-2020-7780	affect_library	com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.11
CVE-2020-7780	affect_library	com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.13
CVE-2020-7780	affect_product	softwaremill akka-http-session
CVE-2020-7780	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2014-3574	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.poi
CVE-2014-3574	affect_library	org.apache.poi/poi-ooxml
CVE-2014-3574	affect_product	apache poi
CVE-2018-11537	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt
CVE-2018-11537	affect_library	org.webjars/angular-jwt
CVE-2018-11537	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt
CVE-2018-11537	affect_product	auth0 angular-jwt
CVE-2018-11537	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-10295	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crittercism-dsym
CVE-2019-10295	affect_product	jenkins crittercism-dsym
CVE-2019-10295	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2011-5062	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-5062	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-5062	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2011-5062	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2019-10451	affect_library	com.soasta.jenkins/cloudtest
CVE-2019-10451	affect_product	jenkins soasta_cloudtest
CVE-2019-10451	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-312
CVE-2018-6561	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/dijit
CVE-2018-6561	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dijit
CVE-2018-6561	affect_product	dojotoolkit dojo
CVE-2018-6561	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-10748	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-server-spi-private
CVE-2020-10748	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-parent
CVE-2020-10748	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2020-10748	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2020-10748	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-11776	affect_library	org.eclipse.birt.runtime/viewservlets
CVE-2019-11776	affect_product	eclipse business_intelligence_and_reporting_tools
CVE-2019-11776	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1337	affect_library	org.apache.directory.api/apache-ldap-api
CVE-2018-1337	affect_library	org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api
CVE-2018-1337	affect_product	apache directory_ldap_api
CVE-2018-1337	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-13931	affect_library	org.apache.tomee/openejb-core
CVE-2020-13931	affect_library	org.apache.tomee/openejb-loader
CVE-2020-13931	affect_product	apache tomee
CVE-2016-0792	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2016-0792	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2016-0792	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2016-0792	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2022-27203	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extended-choice-parameter
CVE-2022-27203	affect_product	jenkins extended_choice_parameter
CVE-2022-27203	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-13128	affect_library	com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload
CVE-2020-13128	affect_product	gwtupload_project gwtupload
CVE-2020-13128	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2019-0194	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-core
CVE-2019-0194	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2019-0194	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-1000176	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext
CVE-2018-1000176	affect_product	jenkins email_extension
CVE-2018-1000176	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2017-1000502	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2
CVE-2017-1000502	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ec2
CVE-2017-1000502	affect_product	jenkins ec2
CVE-2017-1000502	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2020-5245	affect_library	io.dropwizard/dropwizard-validation
CVE-2020-5245	affect_product	dropwizard dropwizard_validation
CVE-2020-5245	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-5245	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2018-1325	affect_library	com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins
CVE-2018-1325	affect_library	com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui
CVE-2018-1325	affect_product	wicket-jquery-ui_project wicket-jquery-ui
CVE-2018-1325	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-11007	affect_library	com.shopizer/sm-core-model
CVE-2020-11007	affect_product	shopizer shopizer
CVE-2020-11007	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-1000104	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/coverity
CVE-2018-1000104	affect_library	org.hudsonci.plugins/coverity
CVE-2018-1000104	affect_product	jenkins coverity
CVE-2018-1000104	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2017-3161	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs
CVE-2017-3161	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2017-3161	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-17531	affect_library	org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-project
CVE-2020-17531	affect_library	org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-framework
CVE-2020-17531	affect_product	apache tapestry
CVE-2020-17531	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2021-44521	affect_library	org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all
CVE-2021-44521	affect_product	apache cassandra
CVE-2021-44521	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-732
CVE-2019-12397	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/ranger
CVE-2019-12397	affect_product	apache ranger
CVE-2019-12397	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-4971	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-webflow
CVE-2017-4971	affect_library	org.springframework.webflow/org.springframework.webflow
CVE-2017-4971	affect_library	org.springframework.webflow/spring-webflow
CVE-2017-4971	affect_product	pivotal spring_web_flow
CVE-2017-4971	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1188
CVE-2015-8855	affect_library	org.webjars/tablesorter
CVE-2015-8855	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bower
CVE-2015-8855	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2015-8855	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform
CVE-2015-8855	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/semver
CVE-2015-8855	affect_product	nodejs node.js
CVE-2021-36373	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ant
CVE-2021-36373	affect_library	ant/ant
CVE-2021-36373	affect_library	org.apache.ant/ant
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	apache ant
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_store_inventory_management
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle enterprise_repository
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_central_office
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_point-of-service
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_advanced_inventory_planning
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_bulk_data_integration
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle communications_order_and_service_management
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle real-time_decision_server
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_financial_integration
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_extract_transform_and_load
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_eftlink
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle retail_invoice_matching
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle timesten_in-memory_database
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance
CVE-2021-36373	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2019-1003098	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openid
CVE-2019-1003098	affect_product	jenkins openid
CVE-2019-1003098	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-2610	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war
CVE-2017-2610	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-2610	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-17194	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi
CVE-2018-17194	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster
CVE-2018-17194	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2018-17194	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2014-2062	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-2062	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2014-2062	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2020-2211	affect_library	com.elasticbox.jenkins-ci.plugins/kubernetes-ci
CVE-2020-2211	affect_product	jenkins kubernetes_ci
CVE-2020-2211	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2012-4431	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2012-4431	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2012-4431	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2012-4431	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2019-1003046	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader
CVE-2019-1003046	affect_product	jenkins fortify_on_demand_uploader
CVE-2019-1003046	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-10443	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum
CVE-2019-10443	affect_product	jenkins icescrum
CVE-2019-10443	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-312
CVE-2020-10746	affect_library	org.infinispan/infinispan-server-runtime
CVE-2020-10746	affect_product	infinispan infinispan-server-runtime
CVE-2013-6397	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-velocity
CVE-2013-6397	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2013-6397	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2013-6397	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2017-15010	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2017-15010	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2017-15010	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2017-15010	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bower
CVE-2017-15010	affect_product	salesforce tough-cookie
CVE-2017-15010	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2017-8028	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap
CVE-2017-8028	affect_library	org.springframework.ldap/spring-ldap-core
CVE-2017-8028	affect_product	pivotal_software spring-ldap
CVE-2017-8028	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-8028	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2018-13797	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-macaddress
CVE-2018-13797	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/macaddress
CVE-2018-13797	affect_product	node-macaddress_project node-macaddress
CVE-2018-13797	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2019-17637	affect_library	org.eclipse.wst.dtd/core
CVE-2019-17637	affect_product	eclipse web_tools_platform
CVE-2019-17637	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-17637	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-10462	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dynatrace-dashboard
CVE-2019-10462	affect_product	jenkins dynatrace_application_monitoring
CVE-2019-10462	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2014-3490	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider
CVE-2014-3490	affect_product	redhat resteasy
CVE-2014-3490	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2015-9242	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/ecstatic
CVE-2015-9242	affect_product	ecstatic_project ecstatic
CVE-2015-9242	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-11694	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-sass
CVE-2018-11694	affect_product	sass-lang libsass
CVE-2018-11694	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-476
CVE-2019-1003051	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ircbot
CVE-2019-1003051	affect_product	jenkins irc
CVE-2019-1003051	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2011-1184	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-1184	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2011-1184	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2011-1184	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-1184	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2018-11778	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/ranger
CVE-2018-11778	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/unixauthservice
CVE-2018-11778	affect_product	apache ranger
CVE-2018-11778	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-787
CVE-2018-1000110	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git
CVE-2018-1000110	affect_library	org.hudsonci.plugins/git
CVE-2018-1000110	affect_product	jenkins git
CVE-2018-1000110	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2020-6532	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/electron
CVE-2020-6532	affect_product	google chrome
CVE-2020-6532	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-6532	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-6532	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-787
CVE-2015-5323	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-5323	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2015-5323	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-10755	affect_library	org.pac4j/pac4j-core
CVE-2019-10755	affect_library	org.pac4j/pac4j-saml
CVE-2019-10755	affect_product	pac4j pac4j
CVE-2019-10755	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-338
CVE-2017-15911	affect_library	org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-core
CVE-2017-15911	affect_product	igniterealtime openfire
CVE-2017-15911	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2008-2938	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2008-2938	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat4-coyote
CVE-2008-2938	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2008-2938	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2008-2938	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2008-2938	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-1000011	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins.findbugs/parent
CVE-2018-1000011	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/findbugs
CVE-2018-1000011	affect_product	jenkins findbugs
CVE-2018-1000011	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-12421	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security
CVE-2019-12421	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi
CVE-2019-12421	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api
CVE-2019-12421	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui
CVE-2019-12421	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-administration
CVE-2019-12421	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2019-12421	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-613
CVE-2020-1732	affect_library	org.glassfish.soteria/javax.security.enterprise
CVE-2020-1732	affect_product	redhat soteria
CVE-2020-1732	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2020-1732	affect_product	redhat openshift_application_runtimes
CVE-2020-1732	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform_continuous_delivery
CVE-2020-1732	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-6588	affect_library	com.liferay/com.liferay.captcha.taglib
CVE-2019-6588	affect_product	liferay liferay_portal
CVE-2019-6588	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2271	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/locked-files-report
CVE-2020-2271	affect_product	jenkins locked_files_report
CVE-2020-2271	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-10626	affect_library	com.fazecast/jSerialComm
CVE-2020-10626	affect_product	fazecast jserialcomm
CVE-2020-10626	affect_product	schneider-electric ecostruxure_it_gateway
CVE-2020-10626	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-427
CVE-2019-10308	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/analysis-core
CVE-2019-10308	affect_product	jenkins static_analysis_utilities
CVE-2019-10308	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2016-1000340	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000340	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcmail-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000340	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000340	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000340	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000340	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000340	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000340	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000340	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000340	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2020-2115	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nunit
CVE-2020-2115	affect_product	jenkins nunit
CVE-2020-2115	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-1000390	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-multijob-plugin
CVE-2017-1000390	affect_product	jenkins multijob
CVE-2017-1000390	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2019-10775	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/ecstatic
CVE-2019-10775	affect_product	ecstatic_project ecstatic
CVE-2019-10775	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2019-10785	affect_library	org.webjars/dojo-src
CVE-2019-10785	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/dojox
CVE-2019-10785	affect_product	linuxfoundation dojox
CVE-2019-10785	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-10785	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-1003025	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudfoundry
CVE-2019-1003025	affect_product	jenkins cloud_foundry
CVE-2019-1003025	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2018-9438	affect_library	org.robolectric/android-all
CVE-2018-9438	affect_product	google android
CVE-2011-2712	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket
CVE-2011-2712	affect_product	apache wicket
CVE-2011-2712	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-18077	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2017-18077	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat
CVE-2017-18077	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2017-18077	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bower
CVE-2017-18077	affect_product	brace_expansion_project brace_expansion
CVE-2017-18077	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2016-4986	affect_library	org.tap4j/tap
CVE-2016-4986	affect_product	jenkins tap
CVE-2016-4986	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2017-7545	affect_library	org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-backend
CVE-2017-7545	affect_product	redhat decision_manager
CVE-2017-7545	affect_product	redhat jboss_bpm_suite
CVE-2017-7545	affect_product	redhat jbpm
CVE-2017-7545	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2011-2526	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2011-2526	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2011-2526	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-http
CVE-2011-2526	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2011-2526	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2011-2526	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2011-2526	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-2526	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2011-2526	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2011-2526	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2011-2526	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2011-2526	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-10306	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ontrack
CVE-2019-10306	affect_product	jenkins ontrack
CVE-2019-10773	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/yarn
CVE-2019-10773	affect_product	yarnpkg yarn
CVE-2019-10773	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-59
CVE-2016-4055	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.moment/moment
CVE-2016-4055	affect_library	org.webjars/momentjs
CVE-2016-4055	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/moment
CVE-2016-4055	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/moment
CVE-2016-4055	affect_product	momentjs moment
CVE-2016-4055	affect_product	tenable nessus
CVE-2016-4055	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2016-4055	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2019-1003003	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2019-1003003	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-1003003	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-11041	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa
CVE-2018-11041	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2018-11041	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-client-lib
CVE-2018-11041	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2018-11041	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa-release
CVE-2018-11041	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-601
CVE-2014-3518	affect_library	org.jboss.jbossas/jboss-as-jmx-remoting
CVE-2014-3518	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_portal_platform
CVE-2014-3518	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_brms_platform
CVE-2014-3518	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2014-3518	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_soa_platform
CVE-2014-3518	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2020-35127	affect_library	org.igniterealtime.openfire.plugins/bookmarks
CVE-2020-35127	affect_product	igniterealtime openfire
CVE-2020-35127	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-1000421	affect_library	org.webjars/gifsicle
CVE-2017-1000421	affect_product	lcdf gifsicle
CVE-2017-1000421	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-1000421	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-416
CVE-2014-3743	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/grunt-ngdocs
CVE-2014-3743	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/angular-timeline
CVE-2014-3743	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline
CVE-2014-3743	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/marked
CVE-2014-3743	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/angular-aside
CVE-2014-3743	affect_product	marked_project marked
CVE-2014-3743	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2161	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2020-2161	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2020-2161	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-5484	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-languages
CVE-2019-5484	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bower
CVE-2019-5484	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform
CVE-2019-5484	affect_product	bower bower
CVE-2019-5484	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-4075	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/electron
CVE-2020-4075	affect_product	electronjs electron
CVE-2020-4075	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-552
CVE-2019-10315	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth
CVE-2019-10315	affect_product	jenkins github_authentication
CVE-2019-10315	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-20835	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2018-20835	affect_product	tar-fs_project tar-fs
CVE-2018-20835	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-9827	affect_library	io.hawt/hawtio-core
CVE-2019-9827	affect_library	io.hawt/hawtio-system
CVE-2019-9827	affect_product	hawt hawtio
CVE-2019-9827	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2019-1003088	affect_library	egor-n/fabric-beta-publisher
CVE-2019-1003088	affect_product	jenkins fabric_beta_publisher
CVE-2019-1003088	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2019-1010260	affect_library	com.github.shyiko/ktlint
CVE-2019-1010260	affect_library	com.github.shyiko.ktlint/ktlint-core
CVE-2019-1010260	affect_product	ktlint_project ktlint
CVE-2019-1010260	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2020-11619	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle retail_sales_audit
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2020-11619	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2020-11619	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-3156	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-jose
CVE-2017-3156	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2
CVE-2017-3156	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2015-8797	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr
CVE-2015-8797	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2015-8797	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2248	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jsgames
CVE-2020-2248	affect_product	jenkins jsgames
CVE-2020-2248	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10455	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oracle-cloud-infrastructure-compute-classic
CVE-2019-10455	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum
CVE-2019-10455	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rundeck
CVE-2019-10455	affect_product	jenkins rundeck
CVE-2019-10455	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2018-1999003	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1999003	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1999003	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2018-1999003	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2018-11758	affect_library	org.apache.cayenne/cayenne-server
CVE-2018-11758	affect_product	apache cayenne
CVE-2018-11758	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-10401	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2019-10401	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-10401	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-6464	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/simple-uploader
CVE-2018-6464	affect_product	mycolorway simditor
CVE-2018-6464	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-19056	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/editor.md
CVE-2018-19056	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.pandao/editor.md
CVE-2018-19056	affect_product	ipandao editor.md
CVE-2018-19056	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-15697	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-jetty
CVE-2017-15697	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-utils
CVE-2017-15697	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error
CVE-2017-15697	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-security-utils
CVE-2017-15697	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2017-15697	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2016-1000341	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-31812	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-parent
CVE-2021-31812	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox
CVE-2021-31812	affect_product	apache pdfbox
CVE-2021-31812	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-31812	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2021-31812	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2021-31812	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2021-31812	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2021-31812	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2021-31812	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2020-8203	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/lodash
CVE-2020-8203	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts
CVE-2020-8203	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/echarts
CVE-2020-8203	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.lodash/lodash
CVE-2020-8203	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/json3
CVE-2020-8203	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/lodash
CVE-2020-8203	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.alex-saunders/sliding-pages
CVE-2020-8203	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2020-8203	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string
CVE-2020-8203	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/FlipClock
CVE-2020-8203	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/floatthead
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	lodash lodash
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle enterprise_communications_broker
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle banking_trade_finance_process_management
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle communications_subscriber-aware_load_balancer
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle communications_session_router
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle communications_session_border_controller
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle banking_liquidity_management
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-8203	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-8203	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2017-15713	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-main
CVE-2017-15713	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client
CVE-2017-15713	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs
CVE-2017-15713	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common
CVE-2017-15713	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2017-15713	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-16492	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat
CVE-2018-16492	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/extend
CVE-2018-16492	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2018-16492	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2018-16492	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bower
CVE-2018-16492	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2018-16492	affect_product	extend_project extend
CVE-2018-16492	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2020-2113	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.tools/git-parameter
CVE-2020-2113	affect_product	jenkins git_parameter
CVE-2020-2113	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-3090	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2016-3090	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2016-3090	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2016-3090	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-1999030	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/maven-artifact-choicelistprovider
CVE-2018-1999030	affect_product	jenkins maven_artifact_choicelistprovider_\\(nexus\\)
CVE-2018-1999030	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-1003093	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nomad
CVE-2019-1003093	affect_product	jenkins nomad
CVE-2019-1003093	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2019-0191	affect_library	org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf
CVE-2019-0191	affect_library	org.apache.karaf.kar/org.apache.karaf.kar.core
CVE-2019-0191	affect_library	org.apache.karaf/karaf
CVE-2019-0191	affect_product	apache karaf
CVE-2019-0191	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2022-25182	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib
CVE-2022-25182	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2018-11784	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2018-11784	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_desktop
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_workstation
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_tus
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_eus
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_aus
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	oracle secure_global_desktop
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	oracle communications_application_session_controller
CVE-2018-11784	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2018-11784	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-601
CVE-2015-5319	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-5319	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2015-5319	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2014-8122	affect_library	org.jboss.weld/weld-core-bom
CVE-2014-8122	affect_library	org.jboss.weld/weld-core
CVE-2014-8122	affect_library	org.jboss.weld/weld-core-impl
CVE-2014-8122	affect_product	redhat jboss_weld
CVE-2014-8122	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-362
CVE-2019-12419	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-core
CVE-2019-12419	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf
CVE-2019-12419	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc
CVE-2019-12419	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2
CVE-2019-12419	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2019-12419	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2019-12419	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2019-12419	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2019-12419	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2019-12419	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2017-2598	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-2598	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-2598	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-326
CVE-2019-10742	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/axios
CVE-2019-10742	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.axios/axios
CVE-2019-10742	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios
CVE-2019-10742	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/axios
CVE-2019-10742	affect_product	axios axios
CVE-2019-10742	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-755
CVE-2012-5812	affect_library	ch.acra/acra
CVE-2012-5812	affect_product	acra acra_library
CVE-2012-5812	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2017-1000107	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2017-1000107	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2022-25186	affect_library	com.datapipe.jenkins.plugins/hashicorp-vault-plugin
CVE-2022-25186	affect_product	jenkins hashicorp_vault
CVE-2020-17523	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-web
CVE-2020-17523	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter
CVE-2020-17523	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-starter
CVE-2020-17523	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring
CVE-2020-17523	affect_product	apache shiro
CVE-2020-17523	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2016-0785	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2016-0785	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2016-0785	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2015-7501	affect_library	commons-collections/commons-collections
CVE-2015-7501	affect_library	org.apache.commons/commons-collections4
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat jboss_operations_network
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat jboss_a-mq
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat jboss_bpm_suite
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_brms_platform
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat subscription_asset_manager
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse_service_works
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_soa_platform
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_web_server
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat jboss_portal
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat jboss_data_virtualization
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat xpaas
CVE-2015-7501	affect_product	redhat data_grid
CVE-2015-7501	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2016-3674	affect_library	xstream/xstream
CVE-2016-3674	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream
CVE-2016-3674	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2016-3674	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2016-3674	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2016-3674	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2016-3674	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-8910	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library
CVE-2020-8910	affect_product	google closure_library
CVE-2009-3579	affect_library	org.mortbay.jetty/jetty
CVE-2009-3579	affect_product	mortbay jetty
CVE-2009-3579	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2021-46063	affect_library	net.mingsoft/ms-mcms
CVE-2021-46063	affect_product	mingsoft mcms
CVE-2021-46063	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2019-14893	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2019-14893	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2019-14893	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2019-14893	affect_product	netapp oncommand_api_services
CVE-2019-14893	affect_product	oracle goldengate_stream_analytics
CVE-2019-14893	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-3152	affect_library	org.apache.atlas/apache-atlas
CVE-2017-3152	affect_product	apache atlas
CVE-2017-3152	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-15813	affect_library	org.graylog/graylog-parent
CVE-2020-15813	affect_library	org.graylog2/graylog2-server
CVE-2020-15813	affect_product	graylog graylog
CVE-2020-15813	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2018-18831	affect_library	net.mingsoft/ms-mcms
CVE-2018-18831	affect_product	mingsoft mcms
CVE-2018-18831	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-1000150	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin
CVE-2018-1000150	affect_product	jenkins reverse_proxy_auth
CVE-2018-1000150	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2015-5317	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-5317	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-5317	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2015-5317	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-13116	affect_library	commons-collections/commons-collections
CVE-2019-13116	affect_product	mulesoft mule_runtime
CVE-2019-13116	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-16560	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer
CVE-2019-16560	affect_product	jenkins websphere_deployer
CVE-2019-16560	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2016-9299	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2016-9299	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2016-9299	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2016-9299	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-90
CVE-2020-13934	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2020-13934	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	oracle managed_file_transfer
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	oracle workload_manager
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	oracle fmw_platform
CVE-2020-13934	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-13934	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-476
CVE-2019-16546	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine
CVE-2019-16546	affect_product	jenkins google_compute_engine
CVE-2019-16546	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-639
CVE-2019-10093	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-core
CVE-2019-10093	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-parsers
CVE-2019-10093	affect_product	apache tika
CVE-2019-10093	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2019-6986	affect_library	org.vivoweb/vitro-api
CVE-2019-6986	affect_product	duraspace vitro
CVE-2019-6986	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-77
CVE-2018-3721	affect_library	org.webjars/lodash
CVE-2018-3721	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/json3
CVE-2018-3721	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string
CVE-2018-3721	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2018-3721	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/lodash
CVE-2018-3721	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/FlipClock
CVE-2018-3721	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts
CVE-2018-3721	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/floatthead
CVE-2018-3721	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/echarts
CVE-2018-3721	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/lodash
CVE-2018-3721	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.lodash/lodash
CVE-2018-3721	affect_product	lodash lodash
CVE-2018-3721	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2018-3721	affect_product	netapp system_manager
CVE-2018-3721	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2019-10390	affect_library	com.splunk.splunkins/splunk-devops
CVE-2019-10390	affect_product	jenkins splunk
CVE-2019-17556	affect_library	org.apache.olingo/odata-client-proxy
CVE-2019-17556	affect_product	apache olingo
CVE-2019-17556	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-2207	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncviewer
CVE-2020-2207	affect_product	jenkins vncviewer
CVE-2020-2207	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2164	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/artifactory
CVE-2020-2164	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory
CVE-2020-2164	affect_product	jfrog artifactory
CVE-2020-2164	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-12737	affect_library	io.ktor/ktor-auth
CVE-2019-12737	affect_library	io.ktor/ktor-utils
CVE-2019-12737	affect_product	jetbrains ktor
CVE-2019-12737	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-916
CVE-2018-8036	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/debugger-app
CVE-2018-8036	affect_library	org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox
CVE-2018-8036	affect_product	apache pdfbox
CVE-2018-8036	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2021-21347	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream
CVE-2021-21347	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8
CVE-2021-21347	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-21347	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-21347	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-21347	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-21347	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2021-21347	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2021-21347	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-21347	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-21347	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2021-21347	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2021-21347	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-21347	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-21347	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-21347	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2021-21347	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-8023	affect_library	org.apache.mesos/mesos
CVE-2018-8023	affect_product	apache mesos
CVE-2018-8023	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-1259	affect_library	org.xmlbeam/xmlprojector
CVE-2018-1259	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons
CVE-2018-1259	affect_library	org.springframework.data/spring-data-commons
CVE-2018-1259	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_data_commons
CVE-2018-1259	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_data_rest
CVE-2018-1259	affect_product	xmlbeam xmlbeam
CVE-2018-1259	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-2654	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext
CVE-2017-2654	affect_product	jenkins email_extension
CVE-2017-2654	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-13926	affect_library	org.apache.kylin/kylin-server-base
CVE-2020-13926	affect_product	apache kylin
CVE-2020-13926	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2020-2210	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/StashBranchParameter
CVE-2020-2210	affect_product	jenkins stash_branch_parameter
CVE-2020-2210	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2016-5001	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client
CVE-2016-5001	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs
CVE-2016-5001	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2016-5001	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2017-2585	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2017-2585	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-server-spi-private
CVE-2017-2585	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2017-2585	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-7692	affect_library	com.google.oauth-client/google-oauth-client
CVE-2020-7692	affect_product	google oauth_client_library_for_java
CVE-2020-7692	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2017-12648	affect_library	com.liferay/com.liferay.frontend.taglib
CVE-2017-12648	affect_product	liferay liferay_portal
CVE-2017-12648	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2008-1947	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2008-1947	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2008-1947	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2008-1947	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2014-6394	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/send
CVE-2014-6394	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2014-6394	affect_product	apple xcode
CVE-2014-6394	affect_product	joyent node.js
CVE-2014-6394	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-5259	affect_library	org.webjars/dojo-src
CVE-2020-5259	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/dojox
CVE-2020-5259	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/dojox
CVE-2020-5259	affect_product	linuxfoundation dojox
CVE-2020-5259	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2019-1003078	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/labmanager
CVE-2019-1003078	affect_product	jenkins vmware_lab_manager_slaves
CVE-2019-1003078	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2022-25197	affect_library	com.datapipe.jenkins.plugins/hashicorp-vault-plugin
CVE-2022-25197	affect_product	jenkins hashicorp_vault
CVE-2019-10686	affect_library	com.ctrip.framework.apollo/apollo
CVE-2019-10686	affect_product	ctrip apollo
CVE-2019-10686	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2018-1000863	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000863	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.main/hudson-core
CVE-2018-1000863	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000863	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-1000863	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-10458	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/puppet-enterprise-pipeline
CVE-2019-10458	affect_product	jenkins puppet_enterprise_pipeline
CVE-2016-0712	affect_library	org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/jetspeed-portal
CVE-2016-0712	affect_product	apache jetspeed
CVE-2016-0712	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10322	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory
CVE-2019-10322	affect_product	jfrog artifactory
CVE-2019-10322	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2019-1003075	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db
CVE-2019-1003075	affect_product	jenkins audit_to_database
CVE-2019-1003075	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2017-15719	affect_library	com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-kendo-ui
CVE-2017-15719	affect_library	com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins
CVE-2017-15719	affect_product	wicket-jquery-ui_project wicket-jquery-ui
CVE-2017-15719	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-1000118	affect_library	com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core
CVE-2017-1000118	affect_library	com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12
CVE-2017-1000118	affect_library	com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11
CVE-2017-1000118	affect_product	akka http_server
CVE-2017-1000118	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2013-4112	affect_library	org.jgroups/jgroups
CVE-2013-4112	affect_product	jgroups jgroup
CVE-2013-4112	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2013-4112	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2016-6793	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket-core
CVE-2016-6793	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket-util
CVE-2016-6793	affect_product	apache wicket
CVE-2016-6793	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-16573	affect_library	com.alauda.jenkins.plugins/alauda-devops-pipeline
CVE-2019-16573	affect_product	jenkins alauda_devops_pipeline
CVE-2019-16573	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-7614	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2019-7614	affect_product	elastic elasticsearch
CVE-2019-7614	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-362
CVE-2010-4007	affect_library	org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-impl
CVE-2010-4007	affect_product	oracle mojarra
CVE-2020-2185	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2
CVE-2020-2185	affect_product	jenkins amazon_ec2
CVE-2018-8026	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-cell
CVE-2018-8026	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2018-8026	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2018-8026	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2018-8026	affect_product	netapp storage_automation_store
CVE-2018-8026	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-11556	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-sass
CVE-2017-11556	affect_product	libsass libsass
CVE-2017-11556	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-674
CVE-2020-2300	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory
CVE-2020-2300	affect_product	jenkins active_directory
CVE-2011-2092	affect_library	com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-common
CVE-2011-2092	affect_library	com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-core
CVE-2011-2092	affect_product	adobe blazeds
CVE-2011-2092	affect_product	adobe livecycle_data_services
CVE-2011-2092	affect_product	adobe livecycle
CVE-2011-2092	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-1000425	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar
CVE-2018-1000425	affect_product	sonarsource sonarqube_scanner
CVE-2018-1000425	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10246	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlet
CVE-2019-10246	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server
CVE-2019-10246	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	netapp storage_services_connector
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	netapp virtual_storage_console
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	netapp storage_replication_adapter_for_clustered_data_ontap
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	netapp vasa_provider_for_clustered_data_ontap
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	netapp element
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle flexcube_core_banking
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_integrator
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle unified_directory
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle rest_data_services
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle communications_analytics
CVE-2019-10246	affect_product	oracle autovue
CVE-2019-10246	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2016-2166	affect_library	org.apache.qpid/proton-j
CVE-2016-2166	affect_product	apache qpid_proton
CVE-2016-2166	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2016-2166	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2016-6636	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2016-6636	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-login
CVE-2016-6636	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_elastic_runtime
CVE-2016-6636	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2016-6636	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_ops_manager
CVE-2016-6636	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry
CVE-2016-6636	affect_product	cloudfoundry cloud_foundry_uaa_bosh
CVE-2016-6636	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-601
CVE-2022-23181	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2022-23181	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2022-23181	affect_product	oracle managed_file_transfer
CVE-2022-23181	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2022-23181	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2022-23181	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2022-23181	affect_product	oracle financial_services_crime_and_compliance_management_studio
CVE-2022-23181	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2022-23181	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-367
CVE-2020-26289	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/date-and-time
CVE-2020-26289	affect_product	date-and-time_project date-and-time
CVE-2020-26289	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2015-2080	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server
CVE-2015-2080	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util
CVE-2015-2080	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner
CVE-2015-2080	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http
CVE-2015-2080	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all
CVE-2015-2080	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2015-2080	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2015-2080	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2012-0881	affect_library	com.innoventsolutions.birt.runtime/org.apache.xerces_2.9.0.v201101211617
CVE-2012-0881	affect_library	org.netbeans.external/xerces-2.8.0
CVE-2012-0881	affect_library	apache-xerces/xercesImpl
CVE-2012-0881	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xerces
CVE-2012-0881	affect_library	xerces/xerces
CVE-2012-0881	affect_library	xerces/xercesImpl
CVE-2012-0881	affect_product	apache xerces2_java
CVE-2017-7669	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common
CVE-2017-7669	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager
CVE-2017-7669	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2017-7669	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-10201	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2019-10201	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2019-10201	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2019-10201	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2019-10201	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-347
CVE-2017-1000092	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git
CVE-2017-1000092	affect_product	jenkins git
CVE-2017-1000092	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-1000864	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000864	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.main/hudson-core
CVE-2018-1000864	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000864	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-1000864	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2019-14892	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2019-14892	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2019-14892	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-14892	affect_product	redhat decision_manager
CVE-2019-14892	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2019-14892	affect_product	redhat process_automation
CVE-2019-14892	affect_product	redhat jboss_data_grid
CVE-2019-14892	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-14892	affect_product	apache geode
CVE-2019-14892	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-1003063	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/snsnotify
CVE-2019-1003063	affect_product	jenkins amazon_sns_build_notifier
CVE-2019-1003063	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2017-12973	affect_library	com.nimbusds/nimbus-jose-jwt
CVE-2017-12973	affect_product	connect2id nimbus_jose\\+jwt
CVE-2017-12973	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-354
CVE-2013-5035	affect_library	net.sourceforge.htmlcleaner/htmlcleaner
CVE-2013-5035	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-362
CVE-2017-2666	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2017-2666	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2017-2666	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-2666	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2015-5345	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2015-5345	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2015-5345	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2015-5345	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2015-5345	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2015-5345	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2015-5345	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2015-5345	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2012-1007	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts-core
CVE-2012-1007	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2012-1007	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-1000090	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy
CVE-2017-1000090	affect_product	jenkins role-based_authorization_strategy
CVE-2017-1000090	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2015-8862	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/mustache
CVE-2015-8862	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/primeui
CVE-2015-8862	affect_library	org.webjars/mustachejs
CVE-2015-8862	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-core
CVE-2015-8862	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.tempusdominus/bootstrap-4
CVE-2015-8862	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-bootstrap-4
CVE-2015-8862	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/tempusdominus-bootstrap-4
CVE-2015-8862	affect_product	mustache.js_project mustache.js
CVE-2015-8862	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-5403	affect_library	io.projectreactor.netty/reactor-netty
CVE-2020-5403	affect_product	pivotal reactor_netty
CVE-2020-5403	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-755
CVE-2020-36182	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	netapp cloud_backup
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_route
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-36182	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-36182	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2021-29262	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj
CVE-2021-29262	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2021-29262	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2021-29262	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2017-1000209	affect_library	com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client
CVE-2017-1000209	affect_product	nv-websocket-client_project nv-websocket-client
CVE-2017-1000209	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2022-24196	affect_library	com.itextpdf/kernel
CVE-2022-24196	affect_product	itextpdf itext
CVE-2022-24196	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2017-10687	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-sass
CVE-2017-10687	affect_product	libsass libsass
CVE-2017-10687	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-125
CVE-2019-10464	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin
CVE-2019-10464	affect_product	jenkins deploy_weblogic
CVE-2019-10464	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-14868	affect_library	org.restlet.jse/org.restlet
CVE-2017-14868	affect_library	org.simpleframework/simple-xml
CVE-2017-14868	affect_product	restlet restlet
CVE-2017-14868	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2022-25180	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps
CVE-2022-25180	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2022-25180	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2019-1003076	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db
CVE-2019-1003076	affect_product	jenkins audit_to_database
CVE-2019-1003076	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-2611	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-2611	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-2611	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2017-2611	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2018-1999037	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/resource-disposer
CVE-2018-1999037	affect_product	jenkins resource_disposer
CVE-2018-1999037	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2014-0111	affect_library	org.apache.syncope/syncope-core
CVE-2014-0111	affect_product	apache syncope
CVE-2014-0111	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2020-2238	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter
CVE-2020-2238	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.tools/git-parameter
CVE-2020-2238	affect_product	jenkins git_parameter
CVE-2020-2238	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10452	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/view26
CVE-2019-10452	affect_product	jenkins view26_test-reporting
CVE-2019-10452	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-312
CVE-2020-27217	affect_library	org.eclipse.hono/hono-bom
CVE-2020-27217	affect_library	org.eclipse.hono/hono-core
CVE-2020-27217	affect_product	eclipse hono
CVE-2020-2272	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elastest
CVE-2020-2272	affect_product	jenkins elastest
CVE-2020-2272	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-7676	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/angular
CVE-2020-7676	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/angular
CVE-2020-7676	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/angular-timer
CVE-2020-7676	affect_library	org.webjars/angularjs
CVE-2020-7676	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/angularjs
CVE-2020-7676	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router
CVE-2020-7676	affect_product	angularjs angular.js
CVE-2020-7676	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2251	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing
CVE-2020-2251	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2020-2251	affect_product	jenkins soapui_pro_functional_testing
CVE-2020-2251	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2020-13957	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-solrj
CVE-2020-13957	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj
CVE-2020-13957	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2020-13957	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2020-13957	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2016-4977	affect_library	org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2
CVE-2016-4977	affect_product	pivotal spring_security_oauth
CVE-2018-1047	affect_library	org.wildfly/wildfly-undertow
CVE-2018-1047	affect_product	redhat jboss_wildfly_application_server
CVE-2018-1047	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-28491	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor
CVE-2020-28491	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-dataformats-binary
CVE-2020-28491	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2020-28491	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-28491	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2020-1748	affect_library	org.wildfly.security/wildfly-elytron
CVE-2020-1748	affect_product	redhat wildfly_elytron
CVE-2020-1748	affect_product	redhat decision_manager
CVE-2020-1748	affect_product	redhat process_automation
CVE-2019-15477	affect_library	io.jooby/jooby
CVE-2019-15477	affect_library	org.jooby/jooby
CVE-2019-15477	affect_product	jooby jooby
CVE-2019-15477	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2016-1000346	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-14909	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-ldap-federation
CVE-2019-14909	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2019-14909	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2019-12728	affect_library	org.grails/grails-core
CVE-2019-12728	affect_product	grails grails
CVE-2019-12728	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-494
CVE-2020-13942	affect_library	org.apache.unomi/unomi-kar
CVE-2020-13942	affect_library	org.apache.unomi/unomi-wab
CVE-2020-13942	affect_library	org.apache.unomi/unomi-plugins-base
CVE-2020-13942	affect_library	org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core
CVE-2020-13942	affect_library	org.apache.unomi/unomi-services
CVE-2020-13942	affect_library	org.apache.unomi/unomi-common
CVE-2020-13942	affect_product	apache unomi
CVE-2020-13942	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2015-8859	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/send
CVE-2015-8859	affect_product	send_project send
CVE-2017-9799	affect_library	org.apache.storm/storm-hbase
CVE-2017-9799	affect_library	org.apache.storm/storm-hdfs
CVE-2017-9799	affect_library	org.apache.storm/storm-core
CVE-2017-9799	affect_product	apache storm
CVE-2018-1257	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2018-1257	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms
CVE-2018-1257	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket
CVE-2018-1257	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging
CVE-2018-1257	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-messaging
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_integrator
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle retail_open_commerce_platform
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle communications_performance_intelligence_center
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_information_manager
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle healthcare_master_person_index
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle insurance_calculation_engine
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_insights
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle tape_library_acsls
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle communications_converged_application_server
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle service_architecture_leveraging_tuxedo
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle big_data_discovery
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle goldengate_for_big_data
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_mysql_database
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle utilities_network_management_system
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2018-1257	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2014-3503	affect_library	org.apache.syncope/syncope-core
CVE-2014-3503	affect_product	apache syncope
CVE-2014-3603	affect_library	org.opensaml/opensaml
CVE-2014-3603	affect_product	shibboleth identity_provider
CVE-2014-3603	affect_product	shibboleth opensaml_java
CVE-2014-3603	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-297
CVE-2020-14062	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-14062	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-14062	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2020-14062	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-14062	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-14062	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-14062	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2020-14062	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-14062	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-14062	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2020-14062	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2020-14062	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-14062	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-14062	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-14062	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-2241	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database
CVE-2020-2241	affect_product	jenkins database
CVE-2020-2241	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-3823	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2018-3823	affect_product	elastic elasticsearch_x-pack
CVE-2018-3823	affect_product	elastic kibana_x-pack
CVE-2018-3823	affect_product	elastic logstash_x-pack
CVE-2018-3823	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1999036	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent
CVE-2018-1999036	affect_product	jenkins ssh_agent
CVE-2018-1999036	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-532
CVE-2019-11405	affect_library	org.openapitools/openapi-generator-project
CVE-2019-11405	affect_product	openapi-generator openapi_generator
CVE-2019-11405	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2017-16115	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/browser-request
CVE-2017-16115	affect_product	timespan_project timespan
CVE-2017-16115	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2019-10382	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/labmanager
CVE-2019-10382	affect_product	jenkins vmware_lab_manager_slaves
CVE-2019-10382	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2013-7315	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.web
CVE-2013-7315	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2013-7315	affect_product	springsource spring_framework
CVE-2013-7315	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2017-4991	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa
CVE-2017-4991	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2017-4991	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common
CVE-2017-4991	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2017-4991	affect_product	cloudfoundry cloud_foundry_uaa_bosh
CVE-2017-4991	affect_product	cloudfoundry cf-release
CVE-2017-4991	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-269
CVE-2017-4994	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa
CVE-2017-4994	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2017-4994	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_cf
CVE-2017-4994	affect_product	cloudfoundry cloud_foundry_uaa_bosh
CVE-2017-4994	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-19362	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2018-19362	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2018-19362	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-19362	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2018-19362	affect_product	oracle primavera_p6_enterprise_project_portfolio_management
CVE-2018-19362	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2018-19362	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2018-19362	affect_product	oracle retail_workforce_management_software
CVE-2018-19362	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-19362	affect_product	redhat jboss_bpm_suite
CVE-2018-19362	affect_product	redhat jboss_brms
CVE-2018-19362	affect_product	redhat automation_manager
CVE-2018-19362	affect_product	redhat decision_manager
CVE-2018-19362	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2014-0050	affect_library	commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload
CVE-2014-0050	affect_product	oracle retail_applications
CVE-2014-0050	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2014-0050	affect_product	apache commons_fileupload
CVE-2019-20343	affect_library	org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin
CVE-2019-20343	affect_product	mojohaus exec_maven
CVE-2019-20343	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2020-14366	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-parent
CVE-2020-14366	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-forms-common-themes
CVE-2020-14366	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2020-14366	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2020-14366	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2009-0026	affect_library	org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp
CVE-2009-0026	affect_library	org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-core
CVE-2009-0026	affect_product	apache jackrabbit
CVE-2009-0026	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2012-4386	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2012-4386	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2012-4386	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-2297	affect_library	com.hoiio.jenkins/sms
CVE-2020-2297	affect_product	jenkins sms_notification
CVE-2020-2297	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-12406	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf
CVE-2019-12406	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/apache-cxf
CVE-2019-12406	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-core
CVE-2019-12406	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2019-12406	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2019-12406	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2019-12406	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2019-12406	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2020-1935	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat
CVE-2020-1935	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2020-1935	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	netapp data_availability_services
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle transportation_management
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_empirica_signal
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle workload_manager
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle hyperion_infrastructure_technology
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2020-1935	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_empirica_inspections
CVE-2020-1935	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2020-14340	affect_library	org.jboss.xnio/xnio-nio
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	redhat xnio
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	redhat jboss_operations_network
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	redhat jboss_data_grid
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	redhat jboss_brms
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	redhat jboss_soa_platform
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	redhat jboss_data_virtualization
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_repository_function
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_service_communication_proxy
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_security_edge_protection_proxy
CVE-2020-14340	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_console
CVE-2018-11776	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin
CVE-2018-11776	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2018-11776	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2018-11776	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2022-25312	affect_library	org.apache.any23/apache-any23-core
CVE-2022-25312	affect_product	apache any23
CVE-2022-25312	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-26238	affect_library	com.cronutils/cron-utils
CVE-2020-26238	affect_product	cron-utils_project cron-utils
CVE-2020-26238	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2018-1000177	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3
CVE-2018-1000177	affect_product	jenkins s3_publisher
CVE-2018-1000177	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-27216	affect_library	org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-webapp
CVE-2020-27216	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner
CVE-2020-27216	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	netapp vasa_provider
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	netapp virtual_storage_console
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	oracle flexcube_core_banking
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	oracle communications_application_session_controller
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	oracle communications_converged_application_server_-_service_controller
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	oracle siebel_core_-_automation
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	apache beam
CVE-2020-27216	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-16570	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rapiddeploy-jenkins
CVE-2019-16570	affect_product	jenkins rapiddeploy
CVE-2019-16570	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-13444	affect_library	com.liferay.portal/portal-impl
CVE-2020-13444	affect_product	liferay liferay_portal
CVE-2019-12409	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2019-12409	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2018-8025	affect_library	org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift
CVE-2018-8025	affect_product	apache hbase
CVE-2018-8025	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-362
CVE-2017-12645	affect_library	com.liferay.portal/com.liferay.portal.impl
CVE-2017-12645	affect_product	liferay liferay_portal
CVE-2017-12645	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-14966	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.kjur/jsrsasign
CVE-2020-14966	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jsrsasign
CVE-2020-14966	affect_product	jsrsasign_project jsrsasign
CVE-2020-14966	affect_product	netapp max_data
CVE-2020-14966	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-347
CVE-2020-2175	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fitnesse
CVE-2020-2175	affect_product	jenkins fitnesse
CVE-2020-2175	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-8039	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf
CVE-2018-8039	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/apache-cxf
CVE-2018-8039	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http
CVE-2018-8039	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2018-8039	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2018-8039	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-755
CVE-2020-11977	affect_library	org.apache.syncope/syncope
CVE-2020-11977	affect_library	org.apache.syncope.ext.flowable/syncope-ext-flowable-bpmn
CVE-2020-11977	affect_product	apache syncope
CVE-2018-1002200	affect_library	plexus/plexus-archiver
CVE-2018-1002200	affect_library	org.codehaus.plexus/plexus-archiver
CVE-2018-1002200	affect_product	codehaus-plexus plexus-archiver
CVE-2018-1002200	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_desktop
CVE-2018-1002200	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_workstation
CVE-2018-1002200	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-1002200	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux
CVE-2018-1002200	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2017-16028	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2017-16028	affect_product	randomatic_project randomatic
CVE-2017-16028	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-338
CVE-2018-1338	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-core
CVE-2018-1338	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-bundle
CVE-2018-1338	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-parsers
CVE-2018-1338	affect_product	apache tika
CVE-2018-1338	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2016-1000343	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000343	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000343	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000343	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000343	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000343	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000343	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000343	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000343	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000343	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2016-1000343	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2014-0054	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-webmvc
CVE-2014-0054	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.oxm
CVE-2014-0054	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-oxm
CVE-2014-0054	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web
CVE-2014-0054	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.web
CVE-2014-0054	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2014-0054	affect_product	springsource spring_framework
CVE-2014-0054	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2014-0054	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2011-2487	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf
CVE-2011-2487	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security
CVE-2011-2487	affect_product	apache wss4j
CVE-2011-2487	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2011-2487	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_soa_platform
CVE-2011-2487	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2011-2487	affect_product	redhat jboss_portal
CVE-2011-2487	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_web_platform
CVE-2011-2487	affect_product	redhat jboss_business_rules_management_system
CVE-2011-2487	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform_text-only_advisories
CVE-2011-2487	affect_product	redhat jboss_middleware_text-only_advisories
CVE-2011-2487	affect_product	redhat jboss_web_services
CVE-2011-2487	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-327
CVE-2013-5855	affect_library	com.sun.faces/jsf-impl
CVE-2013-5855	affect_library	org.glassfish/javax.faces
CVE-2013-5855	affect_product	oracle mojarra
CVE-2013-5855	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-12113	affect_library	org.freeswitch.esl.client/java-esl-client
CVE-2020-12113	affect_product	bigbluebutton bigbluebutton
CVE-2020-12113	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-9482	affect_library	org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api
CVE-2020-9482	affect_library	org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc
CVE-2020-9482	affect_library	org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-client
CVE-2020-9482	affect_product	apache nifi_registry
CVE-2020-9482	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-613
CVE-2019-10445	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine
CVE-2019-10445	affect_product	jenkins google_kubernetes_engine
CVE-2019-10445	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2017-15708	affect_library	org.apache.synapse/Apache-Synapse
CVE-2017-15708	affect_library	org.apache.synapse/synapse-core
CVE-2017-15708	affect_library	commons-collections/commons-collections
CVE-2017-15708	affect_product	apache synapse
CVE-2017-15708	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2017-15708	affect_product	oracle financial_services_market_risk_measurement_and_management
CVE-2017-15708	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2018-16850	affect_library	ru.yandex.qatools.embed/postgresql-embedded
CVE-2018-16850	affect_product	postgresql postgresql
CVE-2018-16850	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux
CVE-2018-16850	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2018-16850	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2018-3827	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2018-3827	affect_product	elastic azure_repository
CVE-2018-3827	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-532
CVE-2022-27216	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dbCharts
CVE-2022-27216	affect_product	jenkins dbcharts
CVE-2022-27216	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2020-5206	affect_library	org.opencastproject/opencast-kernel
CVE-2020-5206	affect_product	apereo opencast
CVE-2020-5206	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2019-3788	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2019-3788	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-client-lib
CVE-2019-3788	affect_product	cloudfoundry uaa_release
CVE-2019-3788	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-601
CVE-2013-7398	affect_library	com.ning/async-http-client
CVE-2013-7398	affect_product	async-http-client_project async-http-client
CVE-2013-7398	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2013-7398	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-345
CVE-2008-0002	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2008-0002	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2018-12973	affect_library	net.opentsdb/opentsdb
CVE-2018-12973	affect_product	opentsdb opentsdb
CVE-2018-12973	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-17605	affect_library	com.bertramlabs.plugins/asset-pipeline-servlet
CVE-2018-17605	affect_product	asset_pipeline_project asset-pipeline
CVE-2018-17605	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-2231	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2020-2231	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2020-2231	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-17184	affect_library	org.apache.syncope/syncope-core
CVE-2018-17184	affect_library	org.apache.syncope.ext.oidcclient/syncope-ext-oidcclient-persistence-jpa
CVE-2018-17184	affect_library	org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-persistence-jpa
CVE-2018-17184	affect_library	org.apache.syncope.ext.saml2sp/syncope-ext-saml2sp-persistence-jpa
CVE-2018-17184	affect_library	org.apache.syncope.client/syncope-client-enduser
CVE-2018-17184	affect_product	apache syncope
CVE-2018-17184	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-9547	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2020-9547	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-9547	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-28953	affect_library	org.freeswitch.esl.client/java-esl-client
CVE-2020-28953	affect_product	bigbluebutton bigbluebutton
CVE-2019-10329	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb
CVE-2019-10329	affect_product	eficode influxdb
CVE-2019-10329	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2011-4461	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all-server
CVE-2011-4461	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all
CVE-2011-4461	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util
CVE-2011-4461	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server
CVE-2011-4461	affect_product	oracle sun_storage_common_array_manager
CVE-2011-4461	affect_product	mortbay jetty
CVE-2018-12533	affect_library	org.richfaces.framework/richfaces-impl
CVE-2018-12533	affect_product	redhat richfaces
CVE-2018-12533	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-917
CVE-2017-7561	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs
CVE-2017-7561	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2017-7561	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2018-1000873	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310
CVE-2018-1000873	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-modules-java8
CVE-2018-1000873	affect_product	oracle database_server
CVE-2018-1000873	affect_product	oracle clusterware
CVE-2018-1000873	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2018-1000873	affect_product	oracle nosql_database
CVE-2018-1000873	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2018-1000873	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2016-10531	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/md-data-table
CVE-2016-10531	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/marked
CVE-2016-10531	affect_library	org.webjars/marked
CVE-2016-10531	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/marked
CVE-2016-10531	affect_product	marked_project marked
CVE-2016-10531	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2010-5312	affect_library	org.webjars/jquery-ui
CVE-2010-5312	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2010-5312	affect_product	jqueryui jquery_ui
CVE-2010-5312	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2010-5312	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2010-5312	affect_product	apache drill
CVE-2010-5312	affect_product	drupal drupal
CVE-2010-5312	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-1966	affect_library	com.opensymphony/xwork-core
CVE-2013-1966	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2013-1966	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2013-1966	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2013-1966	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2011-4969	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jquery
CVE-2011-4969	affect_product	jquery jquery
CVE-2011-4969	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
