org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	socket
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	websocket
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	web
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bower/blueimp-file-upload	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/blueimp-file-upload	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/blueimp-file-upload	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/blueimp-file-upload	tag_library	upload
org.webjars.bower/blueimp-file-upload	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/blueimp-file-upload	tag_library	file
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/jsf-module-project	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/jsf-module-project	tag_library	module
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/jsf-module-project	tag_library	deltaspike
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/jsf-module-project	tag_library	apache
net.lingala.zip4j/zip4j	categorise_library	Compression Libraries
net.lingala.zip4j/zip4j	tag_library	zip
net.lingala.zip4j/zip4j	tag_library	compression
net.lingala.zip4j/zip4j	tag_library	data
org.apache.camel/camel-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.camel/camel-api	tag_library	camel
com.opensymphony/xwork	tag_library	web-framework
org.fujion.webjars/lodash	tag_library	web
org.apache.solr/solr-velocity	tag_library	apache
org.apache.solr/solr-velocity	tag_library	velocity
org.apache.solr/solr-velocity	tag_library	solr
org.apache.solr/solr-velocity	tag_library	search
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	build
ru.yandex.qatools.embed/postgresql-embedded	tag_library	embedded
ru.yandex.qatools.embed/postgresql-embedded	tag_library	database
ru.yandex.qatools.embed/postgresql-embedded	tag_library	sql
ru.yandex.qatools.embed/postgresql-embedded	tag_library	postgresql
org.sakaiproject/chat-base	tag_library	chat
org.wildfly/wildfly-webservices-server-integration	tag_library	server
org.wildfly/wildfly-webservices-server-integration	tag_library	integration
org.wildfly/wildfly-webservices-server-integration	tag_library	wildfly
org.wildfly/wildfly-webservices-server-integration	tag_library	service
org.wildfly/wildfly-webservices-server-integration	tag_library	web
org.wildfly/wildfly-webservices-server-integration	tag_library	webservice
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/docker-commons	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/docker-commons	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/docker-commons	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/docker-commons	tag_library	docker
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/docker-commons	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/docker-commons	tag_library	commons
org.jodd/jodd-json	tag_library	json
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	database
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	thrift
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	hbase
org.apache.hbase/hbase-thrift	tag_library	protocol
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ec2	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ec2	tag_library	aws
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ec2	tag_library	ec2
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-kendo-ui	tag_library	bundle
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-kendo-ui	tag_library	google
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-kendo-ui	tag_library	ui
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-kendo-ui	tag_library	jquery
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-kendo-ui	tag_library	wicket
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-kendo-ui	tag_library	osgi
org.simpleframework/simple-xml	categorise_library	XML Processing
org.simpleframework/simple-xml	tag_library	processing
org.simpleframework/simple-xml	tag_library	framework
org.simpleframework/simple-xml	tag_library	xml
io.prestosql/presto-spi	tag_library	presto
io.prestosql/presto-spi	tag_library	interface
org.apache.shiro/shiro-web	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.shiro/shiro-web	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.shiro/shiro-web	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-web	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro/shiro-web	tag_library	osgi
org.slf4j/nlog4j	categorise_library	Logging Frameworks
org.slf4j/nlog4j	tag_library	logging
org.slf4j/nlog4j	tag_library	slf4j
org.webjars.bower/papaparse	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/papaparse	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/papaparse	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/papaparse	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/alpaca	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/alpaca	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/alpaca	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/alpaca	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/alpaca	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/auth0.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/auth0.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/auth0.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/auth0.js	tag_library	authentication
org.webjars.bower/auth0.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/auth0.js	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.solr/solr	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	application
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	war
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	web
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	apache
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	solr
org.apache.solr/solr	tag_library	search
org.apache.geode/geode-core	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/twitter	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/twitter	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/twitter	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/twitter	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/twitter	tag_library	twitter
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/trac-publisher-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/trac-publisher-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/trac-publisher-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/trac-publisher-plugin	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/trac-publisher-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	tag_library	expression
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/angular-expressions	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.jonschlinkert/remarkable	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jonschlinkert/remarkable	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jonschlinkert/remarkable	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.jonschlinkert/remarkable	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.mozilla/pdfjs-dist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.mozilla/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.mozilla/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	pdf
org.webjars.bowergithub.mozilla/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.bowergithub.mozilla/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.mozilla/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/jquery	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/jquery	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/jquery	tag_library	jquery
org.webjars.bower/jquery	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/jquery	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/json-ptr	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/json-ptr	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/json-ptr	tag_library	json
org.webjars.npm/json-ptr	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/json-ptr	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/json-ptr	tag_library	resources
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-git-pipeline	tag_library	scm
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-git-pipeline	tag_library	pipeline
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-git-pipeline	tag_library	git
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-git-pipeline	tag_library	jenkins
cn.easyproject/ojdbc7	tag_library	database
cn.easyproject/ojdbc7	tag_library	jdbc
cn.easyproject/ojdbc7	tag_library	sql
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	tag_library	application
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	tag_library	war
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	tag_library	web
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase	tag_library	apache
org.mapfish.print/print-servlet	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.mapfish.print/print-servlet	tag_library	application
org.mapfish.print/print-servlet	tag_library	war
org.mapfish.print/print-servlet	tag_library	servlet
org.mapfish.print/print-servlet	tag_library	web
org.mapfish.print/print-servlet	tag_library	webapp
com.alibaba/dubbo	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
com.alibaba/dubbo	tag_library	communication
com.alibaba/dubbo	tag_library	dubbo
com.alibaba/dubbo	tag_library	distributed
com.alibaba/dubbo	tag_library	alibaba
com.alibaba/dubbo	tag_library	remoting
com.alibaba/dubbo	tag_library	rpc
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on	tag_library	debug
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.apache.uima/uimaj-examples	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/uimaj-examples	tag_library	example
org.webjars.npm/axios	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/axios	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/axios	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/axios	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/axios	tag_library	resources
org.apache.sentry/sentry-binding-hive	tag_library	binding
org.apache.sentry/sentry-binding-hive	tag_library	apache
org.apache.sentry/sentry-binding-hive	tag_library	hive
org.apache.sentry/sentry-binding-hive	tag_library	sentry
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible	tag_library	ansible
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-el-api	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-el-api	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-el-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-el-api	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-el-api	tag_library	api
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/application-director-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/application-director-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/application-director-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/application-director-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bower/FlipClock	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/FlipClock	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/FlipClock	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/FlipClock	tag_library	resources
org.apache.activemq/activemq-mqtt	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-mqtt	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-mqtt	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-mqtt	tag_library	mqtt
org.apache.activemq/activemq-mqtt	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/valgrind	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/valgrind	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/valgrind	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/valgrind	tag_library	jenkins
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-testpage-overlay	categorise_library	Web Applications
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-testpage-overlay	tag_library	application
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-testpage-overlay	tag_library	overlay
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-testpage-overlay	tag_library	war
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-testpage-overlay	tag_library	web
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-testpage-overlay	tag_library	webapp
org.jyaml/jyaml	categorise_library	YAML Parsers
org.jyaml/jyaml	tag_library	format
org.jyaml/jyaml	tag_library	yaml
org.jyaml/jyaml	tag_library	parser
org.jyaml/jyaml	tag_library	data
org.jyaml/jyaml	tag_library	serialization
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	tag_library	network
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	tag_library	ssh
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-credentials	tag_library	credentials
de.wellnerbou.jenkins/git-changelog	tag_library	scm
de.wellnerbou.jenkins/git-changelog	tag_library	git
de.wellnerbou.jenkins/git-changelog	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.camel/camel-snakeyaml	tag_library	yaml
org.apache.camel/camel-snakeyaml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-snakeyaml	tag_library	camel
net.hurstfrost.jenkins/avatar	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/serialize-to-js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/serialize-to-js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/serialize-to-js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/serialize-to-js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/serialize-to-js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/serialize-to-js	tag_library	javascript
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkinswalldisplay	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkinswalldisplay	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkinswalldisplay	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkinswalldisplay	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bower/mxgraph	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/mxgraph	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/mxgraph	tag_library	graph
org.webjars.bower/mxgraph	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/mxgraph	tag_library	resources
org.apache.james/james-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.james/james-server	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james/james-server	tag_library	mail
com.h2database/h2	categorise_library	Embedded SQL Databases
com.h2database/h2	tag_library	embedded
com.h2database/h2	tag_library	database
com.h2database/h2	tag_library	sql
com.h2database/h2	tag_library	data
com.h2database/h2	tag_library	h2database
org.opencastproject/opencast-common-jpa-impl	tag_library	persistence
org.opencastproject/opencast-common-jpa-impl	tag_library	bundle
org.opencastproject/opencast-common-jpa-impl	tag_library	jpa
org.opencastproject/opencast-common-jpa-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.opencastproject/opencast-common-jpa-impl	tag_library	opencast
org.opencastproject/opencast-common-jpa-impl	tag_library	osgi
com.datatheorem.mobileappsecurity.jenkins.plugin/datatheorem-mobile-app-security	tag_library	plugin
com.datatheorem.mobileappsecurity.jenkins.plugin/datatheorem-mobile-app-security	tag_library	security
com.datatheorem.mobileappsecurity.jenkins.plugin/datatheorem-mobile-app-security	tag_library	jenkins
com.datatheorem.mobileappsecurity.jenkins.plugin/datatheorem-mobile-app-security	tag_library	mobile
org.webjars.npm/safer-eval	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/safer-eval	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/safer-eval	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/safer-eval	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/safer-eval	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/safer-eval	tag_library	evaluation
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-maven	tag_library	plugin
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-maven	tag_library	build
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-maven	tag_library	build-system
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-maven	tag_library	maven
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-core	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-core	tag_library	github
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-core	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-core	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-core	tag_library	resources
org.craftercms/crafter-studio	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.craftercms/crafter-studio	tag_library	application
org.craftercms/crafter-studio	tag_library	war
org.craftercms/crafter-studio	tag_library	web
org.craftercms/crafter-studio	tag_library	webapp
org.jboss.weld/weld-core	categorise_library	Dependency Injection
org.jboss.weld/weld-core	tag_library	dependency-injection
org.jboss.weld/weld-core	tag_library	ioc
org.jboss.weld/weld-core	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.storm/storm-hdfs	tag_library	filesystem
org.apache.storm/storm-hdfs	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.storm/storm-hdfs	tag_library	apache
org.apache.storm/storm-hdfs	tag_library	hdfs
org.apache.storm/storm-core	categorise_library	Stream Processing
org.apache.storm/storm-core	tag_library	processing
org.apache.storm/storm-core	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.storm/storm-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.storm/storm-core	tag_library	stream
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.0	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.0	tag_library	format
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.0	tag_library	json
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.0	tag_library	web-framework
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.0	tag_library	serialization
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.0	tag_library	scala
org.webjars.npm/node-fetch	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/node-fetch	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/node-fetch	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/node-fetch	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/node-fetch	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/node-fetch	tag_library	node
org.fedoraproject.jenkins.plugins/copr	tag_library	plugin
org.fedoraproject.jenkins.plugins/copr	tag_library	jenkins
com.sparkjava/spark-core	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.sparkjava/spark-core	tag_library	bundle
com.sparkjava/spark-core	tag_library	framework
com.sparkjava/spark-core	tag_library	web
com.sparkjava/spark-core	tag_library	spark
com.sparkjava/spark-core	tag_library	osgi
com.jamonapi/jamon	categorise_library	Application Metrics
com.jamonapi/jamon	tag_library	observability
com.jamonapi/jamon	tag_library	monitoring
com.jamonapi/jamon	tag_library	management
com.jamonapi/jamon	tag_library	metrics
com.jamonapi/jamon	tag_library	performance
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	socket
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	websocket
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	web
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-websocket	tag_library	jetty
org.odata4j/odata4j-core	tag_library	bundle
org.odata4j/odata4j-core	tag_library	data
org.odata4j/odata4j-core	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-rio-rdfxml	tag_library	rdf
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-rio-rdfxml	tag_library	eclipse
org.apache.karaf.webconsole/org.apache.karaf.webconsole.features	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.webconsole/org.apache.karaf.webconsole.features	tag_library	web
org.apache.karaf.webconsole/org.apache.karaf.webconsole.features	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.webconsole/org.apache.karaf.webconsole.features	tag_library	console
org.apache.karaf.webconsole/org.apache.karaf.webconsole.features	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.webconsole/org.apache.karaf.webconsole.features	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bower/github-com-mathjax-MathJax	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-mathjax-MathJax	tag_library	github
org.webjars.bower/github-com-mathjax-MathJax	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-mathjax-MathJax	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/github-com-mathjax-MathJax	tag_library	math
org.webjars.bower/github-com-mathjax-MathJax	tag_library	resources
com.netflix.conductor/conductor-core	tag_library	netflix
org.apache.kylin/kylin-core-job	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-core	categorise_library	Enterprise Integration
org.apache.camel/camel-core	tag_library	integration
org.apache.camel/camel-core	tag_library	enterprise
org.apache.camel/camel-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-core	tag_library	camel
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms	tag_library	queue
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms	tag_library	jms
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-cli	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-cli	tag_library	tools
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-cli	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-cli	tag_library	command-line
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-cli	tag_library	toolkit
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpasyncclient	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpasyncclient	tag_library	network
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpasyncclient	tag_library	apache
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpasyncclient	tag_library	client
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpasyncclient	tag_library	asynchronous
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpasyncclient	tag_library	http
org.keycloak/keycloak-services	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-services	tag_library	service
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	tag_library	highlight
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/highlight.js	tag_library	javascript
org.webjars.bowergithub.thdoan/bootstrap-select	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.thdoan/bootstrap-select	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.thdoan/bootstrap-select	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.thdoan/bootstrap-select	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.thdoan/bootstrap-select	tag_library	bootstrap
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security	tag_library	security
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security	tag_library	scripting
org.apache.karaf.management/org.apache.karaf.management.server	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.management/org.apache.karaf.management.server	tag_library	server
org.apache.karaf.management/org.apache.karaf.management.server	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.management/org.apache.karaf.management.server	tag_library	management
org.apache.karaf.management/org.apache.karaf.management.server	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.management/org.apache.karaf.management.server	tag_library	osgi
org.6wind.jenkins/lockable-resources	tag_library	resource
org.6wind.jenkins/lockable-resources	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	sso
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	saml
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-saml	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/github-com-haroldo-ok-twine-monogatari	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-haroldo-ok-twine-monogatari	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-haroldo-ok-twine-monogatari	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-haroldo-ok-twine-monogatari	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-haroldo-ok-twine-monogatari	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-haroldo-ok-twine-monogatari	tag_library	resources
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs-client	tag_library	filesystem
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs-client	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs-client	tag_library	hdfs
org.webjars.npm/fresh	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/fresh	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/fresh	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/fresh	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/fresh	tag_library	resources
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	server
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	webserver
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	queue
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	messaging
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	amqp
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	broker
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	apache
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol	tag_library	protocol
org.apache.wicket/wicket-core	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.apache.wicket/wicket-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.wicket/wicket-core	tag_library	web
org.apache.wicket/wicket-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wicket/wicket-core	tag_library	wicket
io.ktor/ktor-utils	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-utils	tag_library	kotlin
se.diabol.jenkins.pipeline/delivery-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	plugin
se.diabol.jenkins.pipeline/delivery-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	pipeline
se.diabol.jenkins.pipeline/delivery-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	tag_library	build-system
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	tag_library	maven
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven	tag_library	jenkins
org.jboss.jbossas/jboss-as-jmx-remoting	tag_library	jmx
org.jboss.jbossas/jboss-as-jmx-remoting	tag_library	monitoring
org.jboss.jbossas/jboss-as-jmx-remoting	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.jbossas/jboss-as-jmx-remoting	tag_library	remote
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.jcr.contentloader	tag_library	jcr
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.jcr.contentloader	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bower/pdfjs-dist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	pdf
org.webjars.bower/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.bower/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/pdfjs-dist	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.tools/git-parameter	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.tools/git-parameter	tag_library	tools
org.jenkins-ci.tools/git-parameter	tag_library	git
org.jenkins-ci.tools/git-parameter	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.tools/git-parameter	tag_library	parameters
org.apache.camel/camel-castor	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-castor	tag_library	camel
com.bertramlabs.plugins/asset-pipeline-servlet	tag_library	plugin
com.bertramlabs.plugins/asset-pipeline-servlet	tag_library	servlet
com.bertramlabs.plugins/asset-pipeline-servlet	tag_library	pipeline
org.apache.atlas/apache-atlas	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj	tag_library	solr
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.solr-solrj	tag_library	search
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/hipchat	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/hipchat	tag_library	chat
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/hipchat	tag_library	hipchat
org.apache.pdfbox/debugger-app	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/debugger-app	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/debugger-app	tag_library	debug
org.apache.pdfbox/debugger-app	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/debugger-app	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.geode/geode-modules	tag_library	module
org.apache.geode/geode-modules	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-aws-abstract-processors	tag_library	aws
org.apache.nifi/nifi-aws-abstract-processors	tag_library	amazon
org.apache.nifi/nifi-aws-abstract-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-aws-abstract-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-aws-abstract-processors	tag_library	processor
com.redgate.plugins.redgatesqlci/redgate-sql-ci	tag_library	plugin
com.redgate.plugins.redgatesqlci/redgate-sql-ci	tag_library	sql
org.apache.continuum/continuum-builder	tag_library	build
org.apache.continuum/continuum-builder	tag_library	builder
org.apache.continuum/continuum-builder	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncrecorder	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncrecorder	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncrecorder	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncrecorder	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack-uploader	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack-uploader	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack-uploader	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack-uploader	tag_library	upload
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack-uploader	tag_library	jenkins
org.onosproject/onos-cli	categorise_library	Command Line Interface
org.onosproject/onos-cli	tag_library	interface
org.onosproject/onos-cli	tag_library	client
org.onosproject/onos-cli	tag_library	command-line
org.onosproject/onos-cli	tag_library	cli
org.apache.cxf/cxf-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-core	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.james/james-server-data-library	tag_library	server
org.apache.james/james-server-data-library	tag_library	data
org.apache.james/james-server-data-library	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james/james-server-data-library	tag_library	mail
org.apache.james/james-server-data-library	tag_library	library
com.mobidevelop.robovm/robovm-gradle-plugin	tag_library	plugin
com.mobidevelop.robovm/robovm-gradle-plugin	tag_library	build
com.mobidevelop.robovm/robovm-gradle-plugin	tag_library	build-system
com.mobidevelop.robovm/robovm-gradle-plugin	tag_library	gradle
com.mobidevelop.robovm/robovm-gradle-plugin	tag_library	groovy
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/buildgraph-view	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/buildgraph-view	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/buildgraph-view	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/buildgraph-view	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/buildgraph-view	tag_library	view
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	tag_library	google
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	tag_library	library
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/google-closure-library	tag_library	resources
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.11	tag_library	play-framework
org.springframework.webflow/spring-webflow	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.springframework.webflow/spring-webflow	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.webflow/spring-webflow	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.webflow/spring-webflow	tag_library	webflow
org.springframework.webflow/spring-webflow	tag_library	web
com.walmartlabs.concord.server/concord-server-impl	tag_library	server
com.walmartlabs.concord.server/concord-server-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.geronimo.modules/geronimo-tomcat6	tag_library	module
org.apache.geronimo.modules/geronimo-tomcat6	tag_library	server
org.apache.geronimo.modules/geronimo-tomcat6	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.geronimo.modules/geronimo-tomcat6	tag_library	apache
org.apache.geronimo.modules/geronimo-tomcat6	tag_library	tomcat
com.opensymphony/xwork-core	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring	tag_library	spring
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.wink/wink-common	tag_library	apache
io.ktor/ktor-auth-ldap	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-auth-ldap	tag_library	authentication
io.ktor/ktor-auth-ldap	tag_library	ldap
io.ktor/ktor-auth-ldap	tag_library	kotlin
io.ktor/ktor-auth-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.jasypt/jasypt	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
org.jasypt/jasypt	tag_library	encryption
org.jasypt/jasypt	tag_library	security
org.jasypt/jasypt	tag_library	crypto
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway	tag_library	gateway
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/deploy	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/deploy	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/deploy	tag_library	deployment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/deploy	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/deploy	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.solr/solr-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.solr/solr-core	tag_library	solr
org.apache.solr/solr-core	tag_library	search
org.webjars.npm/canvas	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/canvas	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/canvas	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/canvas	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/canvas	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/canvas	tag_library	canvas
org.apache.pulsar/pulsar	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pulsar/pulsar	tag_library	pulsar
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/open-stf	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/open-stf	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/open-stf	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/open-stf	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-elasticsearch-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-elasticsearch-processors	tag_library	elasticsearch
org.apache.nifi/nifi-elasticsearch-processors	tag_library	elastic
org.apache.nifi/nifi-elasticsearch-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-elasticsearch-processors	tag_library	processor
org.apache.nifi/nifi-elasticsearch-processors	tag_library	search
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	categorise_library	Actor Frameworks
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	tag_library	framework
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.12	tag_library	typesafe
org.apache.ignite/ignite-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-core	tag_library	data
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-core	tag_library	client
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-core	tag_library	osgi
com.hazelcast/hazelcast-client	tag_library	hazelcast
com.hazelcast/hazelcast-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	security
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	cryptography
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-crypto	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management	tag_library	management
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.syncope/syncope-common	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/implied-labels	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/implied-labels	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/implied-labels	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/implied-labels	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.mina/mina-core	categorise_library	Network App Frameworks
org.apache.mina/mina-core	tag_library	network
org.apache.mina/mina-core	tag_library	socket
org.apache.mina/mina-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.mina/mina-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.mina/mina-core	tag_library	io
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-select	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-select	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-select	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-select	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-select	tag_library	bootstrap
org.webjars.npm/npm	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/npm	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/npm	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/npm	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/npm	tag_library	resources
org.apache.cayenne/cayenne-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.cayenne/cayenne-server	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-xml	tag_library	integration
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-xml	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-xml	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-xml	tag_library	xml
org.infinispan/infinispan-commons	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan/infinispan-commons	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-commons	tag_library	commons
com.itextpdf/itextg	tag_library	pdf
org.webjars.npm/verdaccio	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/verdaccio	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/verdaccio	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/verdaccio	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/verdaccio	tag_library	resources
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	socket
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	websocket
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-websocket	tag_library	tomcat
io.jenkins.plugins/echarts-api	tag_library	plugin
io.jenkins.plugins/echarts-api	tag_library	visualization
io.jenkins.plugins/echarts-api	tag_library	chart
io.jenkins.plugins/echarts-api	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.plugins/echarts-api	tag_library	api
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist	tag_library	jquery
org.apache.syncope.ext.saml2sp/syncope-ext-saml2sp-persistence-jpa	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.syncope.ext.saml2sp/syncope-ext-saml2sp-persistence-jpa	tag_library	security
org.apache.syncope.ext.saml2sp/syncope-ext-saml2sp-persistence-jpa	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.syncope.ext.saml2sp/syncope-ext-saml2sp-persistence-jpa	tag_library	saml
org.apache.syncope.ext.saml2sp/syncope-ext-saml2sp-persistence-jpa	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ant	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ant	tag_library	ant
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ant	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ant	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ant	tag_library	tomcat
org.webjars.bower/mustache	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/mustache	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/mustache	tag_library	mustache
org.webjars.bower/mustache	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/mustache	tag_library	resources
org.apache.geode/apache-geode	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/parsleyjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/parsleyjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/parsleyjs	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/parsleyjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/parsleyjs	tag_library	resources
org.picketbox/jbosssx-bare	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	tomcat
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-update-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-update-server	tag_library	eclipse
activemq/activemq	tag_library	jms
activemq/activemq	tag_library	queue
activemq/activemq	tag_library	activemq
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave	tag_library	virtualization
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave	tag_library	libvirt
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extra-columns	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extra-columns	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extra-columns	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extra-columns	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/depgraph-view	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/depgraph-view	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/depgraph-view	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/depgraph-view	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/depgraph-view	tag_library	graph
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/depgraph-view	tag_library	view
org.jbpm/jbpm-console-ng-human-tasks-client	tag_library	task
org.jbpm/jbpm-console-ng-human-tasks-client	tag_library	bpm
org.jbpm/jbpm-console-ng-human-tasks-client	tag_library	client
org.jbpm/jbpm-console-ng-human-tasks-client	tag_library	console
org.apache.cayenne.modeler/cayenne-modeler	tag_library	model
org.apache.cayenne.modeler/cayenne-modeler	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xmltooling	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xmltooling	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xmltooling	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xmltooling	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.12	tag_library	jmx
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.12	tag_library	monitoring
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.12	tag_library	flink
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.12	tag_library	apache
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.12	tag_library	metrics
tomcat/jasper-compiler	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/jasper-compiler	tag_library	server
tomcat/jasper-compiler	tag_library	tomcat
tomcat/jasper-compiler	tag_library	compiler
org.jvnet.hudson/xstream	tag_library	xml
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.core	categorise_library	Eclipse Plugins
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.core	tag_library	plugin
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.core	tag_library	eclipse
jetty/jetty	tag_library	webserver
jetty/jetty	tag_library	server
jetty/jetty	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.nifi/nifi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.deltaspike.core/deltaspike-core-api	tag_library	deltaspike
org.apache.deltaspike.core/deltaspike-core-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.deltaspike.core/deltaspike-core-api	tag_library	api
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/distfork	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/distfork	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/distfork	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/distfork	tag_library	jenkins
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.12	tag_library	actor
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.12	tag_library	akka
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.12	tag_library	distributed
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.12	tag_library	concurrency
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.12	tag_library	session
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.12	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	tag_library	build-system
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	tag_library	maven
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-maven-parent	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/remarkable	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/remarkable	tag_library	web
org.webjars/remarkable	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/remarkable	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/chosen-views-tabbar	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/chosen-views-tabbar	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/chosen-views-tabbar	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/chosen-views-tabbar	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/chosen-views-tabbar	tag_library	view
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap	tag_library	binding
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap	tag_library	soap
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-soap	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	communication
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	queue
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	broker
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	apache
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12	tag_library	message
org.webjars.bower/superagent	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/superagent	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/superagent	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/superagent	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/mxgraph	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mxgraph	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mxgraph	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mxgraph	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mxgraph	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/mxgraph	tag_library	graph
org.webjars.npm/send	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/send	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/send	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/send	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/send	tag_library	resources
org.apache.camel/camel-freemarker	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-freemarker	tag_library	template
org.apache.camel/camel-freemarker	tag_library	camel
com.sun.faces/jsf-impl	tag_library	jsf
com.sun.faces/jsf-impl	tag_library	implementation
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-client	tag_library	client
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-client	tag_library	alibaba
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla-auth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla-auth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla-auth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla-auth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/assembla-auth	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.beam/beam-sdks-java-io-mongodb	tag_library	database
org.apache.beam/beam-sdks-java-io-mongodb	tag_library	sdk
org.apache.beam/beam-sdks-java-io-mongodb	tag_library	apache
org.apache.beam/beam-sdks-java-io-mongodb	tag_library	io
org.apache.beam/beam-sdks-java-io-mongodb	tag_library	mongodb
org.springframework.security/spring-security-ldap	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-ldap	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-ldap	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.springframework.security/spring-security-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.broadleafcommerce/broadleaf-framework	tag_library	framework
org.onosproject/onos-drivers-utilities	tag_library	driver
io.netty/netty-codec	categorise_library	Netty Codecs
io.netty/netty-codec	tag_library	network
io.netty/netty-codec	tag_library	socket
io.netty/netty-codec	tag_library	netty
io.netty/netty-codec	tag_library	codec
io.netty/netty-codec	tag_library	io
io.netty/netty-codec	tag_library	protocol
com.github.kevinsawicki/http-request	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.github.kevinsawicki/http-request	tag_library	network
com.github.kevinsawicki/http-request	tag_library	github
com.github.kevinsawicki/http-request	tag_library	request
com.github.kevinsawicki/http-request	tag_library	client
com.github.kevinsawicki/http-request	tag_library	http
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin	tag_library	rest
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bower/json3	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/json3	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/json3	tag_library	json
org.webjars.bower/json3	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/json3	tag_library	resources
io.undertow/undertow-core	categorise_library	Web Servers
io.undertow/undertow-core	tag_library	undertow
io.undertow/undertow-core	tag_library	web
io.undertow/undertow-core	tag_library	server
io.undertow/undertow-core	tag_library	http
org.apache.activemq/artemis-core-client	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/artemis-core-client	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/artemis-core-client	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/artemis-core-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/artemis-core-client	tag_library	client
com.moded.extendedchoiceparameter/dynamic_extended_choice_parameter	tag_library	parameters
com.moded.extendedchoiceparameter/dynamic_extended_choice_parameter	tag_library	dynamic
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-rio-trix	tag_library	rdf
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-rio-trix	tag_library	eclipse
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	tools
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	hash
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro.tools/shiro-tools-hasher	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-pipeline-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-pipeline-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-jose	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-jose	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-jose	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-jose	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-jose	tag_library	osgi
com.itextpdf/itext-pdfa	tag_library	pdf
org.webjars.npm/ini	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/ini	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/ini	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/ini	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/ini	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/datatables	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/datatables	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/datatables	tag_library	data
org.webjars.bower/datatables	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/datatables	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/datatables	tag_library	table
org.picketbox/picketbox	categorise_library	Security Frameworks
org.picketbox/picketbox	tag_library	security
org.mindrot/jbcrypt	categorise_library	Hashing Libraries
org.mindrot/jbcrypt	tag_library	cryptography
org.mindrot/jbcrypt	tag_library	hashing
org.apache.camel/camel-spring	tag_library	spring
org.apache.camel/camel-spring	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-spring	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailcommander	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailcommander	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailcommander	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailcommander	tag_library	jenkins
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-deploy	tag_library	deployment
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-deploy	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-deploy	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-deploy	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-deploy	tag_library	jetty
com.hotels.styx/styx-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.camel/camel-servlet	tag_library	servlet
org.apache.camel/camel-servlet	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-servlet	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/veracode-scanner	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/veracode-scanner	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/veracode-scanner	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/veracode-scanner	tag_library	scanning
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/veracode-scanner	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/floatthead	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/floatthead	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/floatthead	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/floatthead	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/floatthead	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/echarts	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/echarts	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/echarts	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/echarts	tag_library	visualization
org.webjars.bower/echarts	tag_library	chart
org.webjars.bower/echarts	tag_library	resources
commons-io/commons-io	categorise_library	I/O Utilities
commons-io/commons-io	tag_library	commons
commons-io/commons-io	tag_library	io
com.coravy.hudson.plugins.github/github	tag_library	plugin
com.coravy.hudson.plugins.github/github	tag_library	github
org.apache.ranger/ranger	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-publishersettings-credentials	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-publishersettings-credentials	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-publishersettings-credentials	tag_library	azure
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-publishersettings-credentials	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-publishersettings-credentials	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-publishersettings-credentials	tag_library	credentials
org.wildfly.security/wildfly-elytron	tag_library	security
org.wildfly.security/wildfly-elytron	tag_library	wildfly
org.webjars/npm	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/npm	tag_library	web
org.webjars/npm	tag_library	npm
org.webjars/npm	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/npm	tag_library	resources
io.jenkins/configuration-as-code	categorise_library	Configuration Libraries
io.jenkins/configuration-as-code	tag_library	config
io.jenkins/configuration-as-code	tag_library	properties
io.jenkins/configuration-as-code	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ldap	tag_library	osgi
io.druid/druid-server	tag_library	druid
io.druid/druid-server	tag_library	server
com.splunk.splunkins/splunk-devops	tag_library	splunk
org.apache.tomcat/catalina	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/catalina	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/catalina	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/catalina	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	tag_library	application
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	tag_library	war
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	tag_library	web
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webapp	tag_library	cms
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	identifier
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	uuid
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/node-uuid	tag_library	node
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core	tag_library	web
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-languages	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-languages	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-languages	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-languages	tag_library	language
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-languages	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap-languages	tag_library	bootstrap
org.apache.knox/gateway	tag_library	apache
org.apache.knox/gateway	tag_library	gateway
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/relution-publisher	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/relution-publisher	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/relution-publisher	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/relution-publisher	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/relution-publisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.kafka/connect-runtime	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/connect-runtime	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/connect-runtime	tag_library	apache
org.apache.kafka/connect-runtime	tag_library	connection
org.apache.kafka/connect-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.igniterealtime.openfire.plugins/bookmarks	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.bowergithub.tinymce/tinymce-dist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.tinymce/tinymce-dist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.tinymce/tinymce-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.bowergithub.tinymce/tinymce-dist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.tinymce/tinymce-dist	tag_library	resources
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-eclipse-groovy	tag_library	eclipse
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-eclipse-groovy	tag_library	groovy
org.apache.cayenne/cayenne-rop-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.cayenne/cayenne-rop-server	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian-starter	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian-starter	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian-starter	tag_library	starter
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian-starter	tag_library	camel
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-utils-common	tag_library	apache
com.browserup/browserup-proxy-rest	tag_library	rest
com.browserup/browserup-proxy-rest	tag_library	proxy
org.dspace/dspace-xmlui	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.dspace/dspace-xmlui	tag_library	application
org.dspace/dspace-xmlui	tag_library	war
org.dspace/dspace-xmlui	tag_library	web
org.dspace/dspace-xmlui	tag_library	webapp
org.dspace/dspace-xmlui	tag_library	xml
org.hudsonci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	dashboard
org.hudsonci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	view
com.convertigo.jenkins.plugins/convertigo-mobile-platform	tag_library	plugin
com.convertigo.jenkins.plugins/convertigo-mobile-platform	tag_library	jenkins
com.convertigo.jenkins.plugins/convertigo-mobile-platform	tag_library	platform
com.convertigo.jenkins.plugins/convertigo-mobile-platform	tag_library	mobile
org.springframework/spring-aop	categorise_library	Aspect Oriented
org.springframework/spring-aop	tag_library	programming
org.springframework/spring-aop	tag_library	aspect
org.springframework/spring-aop	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-aop	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-aop	tag_library	aop
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.10	tag_library	network
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.10	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.10	tag_library	apache
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client	tag_library	client
org.opencastproject/opencast-ingest-service-impl	tag_library	bundle
org.opencastproject/opencast-ingest-service-impl	tag_library	service
org.opencastproject/opencast-ingest-service-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.opencastproject/opencast-ingest-service-impl	tag_library	opencast
org.opencastproject/opencast-ingest-service-impl	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/shvl	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/shvl	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/shvl	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/shvl	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/shvl	tag_library	resources
org.jboss.security/jbosssx-bare	tag_library	security
org.jboss.security/jbosssx-bare	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.syncope.ext.flowable/syncope-ext-flowable-bpmn	tag_library	bpm
org.apache.syncope.ext.flowable/syncope-ext-flowable-bpmn	tag_library	bpmn
org.apache.syncope.ext.flowable/syncope-ext-flowable-bpmn	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/jqtree	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/jqtree	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/jqtree	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/jqtree	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/jqtree	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-security-scanner	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-security-scanner	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-security-scanner	tag_library	security
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-security-scanner	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-security-scanner	tag_library	scanning
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-security-scanner	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dijit	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dijit	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dijit	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dijit	tag_library	resources
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav	tag_library	webdav
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav	tag_library	web
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav	tag_library	cms
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-webdav	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.ranger/ranger-kafka-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.ranger/ranger-kafka-plugin	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.ranger/ranger-kafka-plugin	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.ranger/ranger-kafka-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.clojars.aaroniba/log4j	tag_library	logging
org.clojars.aaroniba/log4j	tag_library	clojure
org.clojars.aaroniba/log4j	tag_library	log4j
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	elasticsearch
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	elastic
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.unomi/unomi-persistence-elasticsearch-core	tag_library	search
org.jboss.as/jboss-as-ejb3	tag_library	ejb
org.jboss.as/jboss-as-ejb3	tag_library	jboss
org.richfaces.core/richfaces-core-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.servlets.post	tag_library	servlet
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.servlets.post	tag_library	apache
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	categorise_library	ElasticSearch Clients
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	tag_library	database
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	tag_library	server
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	tag_library	elasticsearch
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	tag_library	elastic
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	tag_library	client
org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch	tag_library	search
org.webjars.npm/grunt-ngdocs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/grunt-ngdocs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/grunt-ngdocs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/grunt-ngdocs	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/grunt-ngdocs	tag_library	resources
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework	tag_library	apache
org.apache.ranger/ranger-plugins-common	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.ranger/ranger-plugins-common	tag_library	apache
org.fusesource.mqtt-client/mqtt-client	tag_library	bundle
org.fusesource.mqtt-client/mqtt-client	tag_library	mqtt
org.fusesource.mqtt-client/mqtt-client	tag_library	client
org.fusesource.mqtt-client/mqtt-client	tag_library	osgi
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client-microprofile	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client-microprofile	tag_library	microprofile
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client-microprofile	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client-microprofile	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client-microprofile	tag_library	profile
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client-microprofile	tag_library	client
org.jboss.seam/jboss-seam-remoting	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.seam/jboss-seam-remoting	tag_library	remote
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	node
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules	tag_library	rules
org.webjars.bower/axios	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/axios	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/axios	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/axios	tag_library	resources
org.jgroups/jgroups	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
org.jgroups/jgroups	tag_library	communication
org.jgroups/jgroups	tag_library	distributed
org.jgroups/jgroups	tag_library	jgroups
org.jgroups/jgroups	tag_library	remoting
org.jgroups/jgroups	tag_library	rpc
net.minidev/json-smart	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.minidev/json-smart	tag_library	format
net.minidev/json-smart	tag_library	bundle
net.minidev/json-smart	tag_library	json
net.minidev/json-smart	tag_library	serialization
net.minidev/json-smart	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/ssri	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/ssri	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/ssri	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/ssri	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/ssri	tag_library	resources
com.squareup.retrofit2/converter-jaxb	tag_library	binding
com.squareup.retrofit2/converter-jaxb	tag_library	jaxb
com.squareup.retrofit2/converter-jaxb	tag_library	retrofit
com.squareup.retrofit2/converter-jaxb	tag_library	xml
com.squareup.retrofit2/converter-jaxb	tag_library	converter
org.webjars.npm/electron	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/electron	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/electron	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/electron	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/electron	tag_library	resources
com.baomidou/mybatis-plus-core	tag_library	persistence
com.baomidou/mybatis-plus-core	tag_library	mybatis
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.11	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.11	tag_library	network
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.11	tag_library	client
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.11	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.11	tag_library	http
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	application
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	war
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-api	tag_library	api
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/electricflow	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/electricflow	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/electricflow	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/electricflow	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.xmlgraphics/fop	tag_library	apache
com.typesafe.play/play_2.10	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.typesafe.play/play_2.10	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play_2.10	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play_2.10	tag_library	web
com.typesafe.play/play_2.10	tag_library	framework
org.apache.wicket/wicket-util	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wicket/wicket-util	tag_library	wicket
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-ldap-common	tag_library	ldap
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-ldap-common	tag_library	directory
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	queue
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	messaging
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	amqp
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	broker
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	apache
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol	tag_library	protocol
org.apache.nifi/nifi-update-attribute-model	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-update-attribute-model	tag_library	model
org.apache.nifi/nifi-update-attribute-model	tag_library	apache
org.springframework/spring-oxm	categorise_library	XML Processing
org.springframework/spring-oxm	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-oxm	tag_library	processing
org.springframework/spring-oxm	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-oxm	tag_library	xml
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web	tag_library	apache
com.sonyericsson.hudson.plugins.rebuild/rebuild	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs	tag_library	mapreduce
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs	tag_library	client
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-hs	tag_library	parallel
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-jose	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-jose	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-jose	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-jose	tag_library	authentication
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-jose	tag_library	oauth
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server	tag_library	server
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server	tag_library	identity
de.tracetronic.jenkins.plugins/ecutest	tag_library	plugin
de.tracetronic.jenkins.plugins/ecutest	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/angular-jwt	categorise_library	JWT Libraries
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	security
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	json
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	angular
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	web
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	authentication
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	jwt
org.webjars/angular-jwt	tag_library	resources
org.kohsuke.stapler/stapler-groovy	tag_library	groovy
org.apache.kylin/kylin-server-base	tag_library	server
org.apache.kylin/kylin-server-base	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging	tag_library	messaging
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging	tag_library	osgi
ro.pippo/pippo-xstream	tag_library	xml
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter	tag_library	starter
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/monitoring	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/monitoring	tag_library	monitoring
org.webjars.npm/ecstatic	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/ecstatic	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/ecstatic	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/ecstatic	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/ecstatic	tag_library	resources
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	apache
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	library
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	jsp
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	taglibs
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	taglib
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard-impl	tag_library	osgi
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-model	tag_library	model
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-model	tag_library	identity
org.jasig.cas/cas-server-support-ldap	tag_library	support
org.jasig.cas/cas-server-support-ldap	tag_library	server
org.jasig.cas/cas-server-support-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.jasig.cas/cas-server-support-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.webjars/i18next	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/i18next	tag_library	web
org.webjars/i18next	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/i18next	tag_library	resources
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.receiver.core	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.receiver.core	tag_library	event
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.receiver.core	tag_library	receiver
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.receiver.core	tag_library	analytics
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.receiver.core	tag_library	osgi
org.springframework.webflow/org.springframework.webflow	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.webflow/org.springframework.webflow	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.webflow/org.springframework.webflow	tag_library	webflow
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	tag_library	format
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	tag_library	json
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	tag_library	mapping
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	tag_library	serialization
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	tag_library	jackson
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-mapper-asl	tag_library	codehaus
org.picketlink/picketlink-tomcat-common	tag_library	server
org.picketlink/picketlink-tomcat-common	tag_library	webserver
org.picketlink/picketlink-tomcat-common	tag_library	tomcat
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/gcal	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kmap-jenkins	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kmap-jenkins	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kmap-jenkins	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kmap-jenkins	tag_library	jenkins
org.onosproject/onos-rest	tag_library	rest
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-all	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-all	tag_library	client
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-all	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-all	tag_library	api
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-all	tag_library	directory
org.apache.continuum/continuum-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-castor-starter	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-castor-starter	tag_library	starter
org.apache.camel/camel-castor-starter	tag_library	camel
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	sso
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	oidc
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap-select	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap-select	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap-select	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap-select	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap-select	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap-select	tag_library	bootstrap
org.apache.camel/camel-http	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-http	tag_library	http
org.apache.camel/camel-http	tag_library	camel
org.jkva.maven-plugins/cascading-release-maven-plugin	categorise_library	Maven Plugins
org.jkva.maven-plugins/cascading-release-maven-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jkva.maven-plugins/cascading-release-maven-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jkva.maven-plugins/cascading-release-maven-plugin	tag_library	build-system
org.jkva.maven-plugins/cascading-release-maven-plugin	tag_library	maven
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	rest
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	frontend
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	jaxrs
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs	tag_library	osgi
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa	tag_library	application
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa	tag_library	war
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa	tag_library	web
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa	tag_library	webapp
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa	tag_library	identity
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	model
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	api
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	directory
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-model	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.tomee/tomee-webapp	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.tomee/tomee-webapp	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomee/tomee-webapp	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.tomee/tomee-webapp	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-rabbitmq	tag_library	rabbitmq
org.apache.camel/camel-rabbitmq	tag_library	queue
org.apache.camel/camel-rabbitmq	tag_library	amqp
org.apache.camel/camel-rabbitmq	tag_library	broker
org.apache.camel/camel-rabbitmq	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-rabbitmq	tag_library	camel
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-authorization-oauth2-core	tag_library	authorization
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-authorization-oauth2-core	tag_library	web
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-authorization-oauth2-core	tag_library	authentication
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-authorization-oauth2-core	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.wicket/wicket	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.apache.wicket/wicket	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wicket/wicket	tag_library	wicket
org.apache.wicket/wicket	tag_library	web
org.apache.wicket/wicket	tag_library	framework
com.blackducksoftware.integration/blackduck-hub	tag_library	integration
org.webjars.bower/browser-request	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/browser-request	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/browser-request	tag_library	request
org.webjars.bower/browser-request	tag_library	browser
org.webjars.bower/browser-request	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/browser-request	tag_library	resources
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter	tag_library	spring
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter	tag_library	web
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-web-starter	tag_library	starter
org.webjars/swagger-ui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	openapi
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	web
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	ui
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	swagger
org.webjars/swagger-ui	tag_library	api
jsch/jsch	tag_library	ssh
org.webjars.npm/openpgp	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/openpgp	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/openpgp	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/openpgp	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/openpgp	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.unshiftio/url-parse	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.unshiftio/url-parse	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.unshiftio/url-parse	tag_library	url
org.webjars.bowergithub.unshiftio/url-parse	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.bowergithub.unshiftio/url-parse	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.unshiftio/url-parse	tag_library	resources
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	categorise_library	XML Processing
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	format
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	json
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	data
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	processing
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	serialization
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	xml
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-xml	tag_library	jackson
org.hornetq/hornetq-tools	tag_library	queue
org.hornetq/hornetq-tools	tag_library	tools
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.identity.entitlement.ui	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.identity.entitlement.ui	tag_library	framework
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.identity.entitlement.ui	tag_library	ui
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.identity.entitlement.ui	tag_library	identity
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.identity.entitlement.ui	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fitnesse	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fitnesse	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fitnesse	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fitnesse	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/release	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/release	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/release	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/release	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-authorization	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-authorization	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-authorization	tag_library	authorization
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-authorization	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-bundle	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-bundle	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-bundle	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-bundle	tag_library	apache
io.projectreactor.netty/reactor-netty	tag_library	network
io.projectreactor.netty/reactor-netty	tag_library	netty
io.projectreactor.netty/reactor-netty	tag_library	socket
io.projectreactor.netty/reactor-netty	tag_library	reactor
com.linecorp.centraldogma/centraldogma-server	tag_library	server
org.opencastproject/opencast-common	tag_library	bundle
org.opencastproject/opencast-common	tag_library	opencast
org.opencastproject/opencast-common	tag_library	osgi
org.picketbox/jbosssx	tag_library	jboss
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-eclipse-wtp	tag_library	eclipse
org.apache.openmeetings/openmeetings-parent	tag_library	apache
org.picketlink/picketlink-federation	tag_library	federation
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	tag_library	github
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	tag_library	scm
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	tag_library	git
org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022	tag_library	resources
org.apache.camel/camel-stringtemplate	tag_library	string
org.apache.camel/camel-stringtemplate	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-stringtemplate	tag_library	template
org.apache.camel/camel-stringtemplate	tag_library	camel
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-host-controller	tag_library	wildfly
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-host-controller	tag_library	controller
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copy-to-slave	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copy-to-slave	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copy-to-slave	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copy-to-slave	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.unomi/unomi-plugins-base	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.unomi/unomi-plugins-base	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.unomi/unomi-plugins-base	tag_library	apache
org.apache.unomi/unomi-plugins-base	tag_library	osgi
org.ovirt.engine.sdk/ovirt-engine-sdk-java	tag_library	sdk
org.ovirt.engine.sdk/ovirt-engine-sdk-java	tag_library	engine
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	categorise_library	Distributed Computing
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	tag_library	computing
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-core	tag_library	parallel
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-impl	tag_library	bundle
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-impl	tag_library	tracking
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-impl	tag_library	osgi
hudson.plugins/project-inheritance	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.archiva/archiva	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.groovy/groovy-all	tag_library	groovy
org.jenkins-ci.groovy/groovy-all	tag_library	jenkins
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-webapp	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-webapp	tag_library	application
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-webapp	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-webapp	tag_library	war
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-webapp	tag_library	web
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-webapp	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.nifi/nifi-properties	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-properties	tag_library	properties
org.apache.nifi/nifi-properties	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bowergithub.jgraph/mxgraph	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jgraph/mxgraph	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jgraph/mxgraph	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.jgraph/mxgraph	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.jgraph/mxgraph	tag_library	graph
io.undertow/undertow-servlet	tag_library	undertow
io.undertow/undertow-servlet	tag_library	servlet
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	application
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	server
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	war
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	web
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-fileserver	tag_library	file
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/koji	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/koji	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/koji	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/koji	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copyartifact	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copyartifact	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copyartifact	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/copyartifact	tag_library	jenkins
org.pac4j/pac4j-core	tag_library	security
apache-log4j/log4j	tag_library	apache
apache-log4j/log4j	tag_library	logging
apache-log4j/log4j	tag_library	log4j
org.apache.camel/camel-mustache	tag_library	mustache
org.apache.camel/camel-mustache	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-mustache	tag_library	camel
org.netbeans.api/org-netbeans-modules-autoupdate-services	tag_library	module
org.netbeans.api/org-netbeans-modules-autoupdate-services	tag_library	ide
org.netbeans.api/org-netbeans-modules-autoupdate-services	tag_library	service
org.netbeans.api/org-netbeans-modules-autoupdate-services	tag_library	api
org.netbeans.api/org-netbeans-modules-autoupdate-services	tag_library	netbeans
org.webjars.npm/fast-csv	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/fast-csv	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/fast-csv	tag_library	csv
org.webjars.npm/fast-csv	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/fast-csv	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/fast-csv	tag_library	resources
tomcat/tomcat-ajp	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat-ajp	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat-ajp	tag_library	tomcat
com.jcraft/jsch	categorise_library	SSH Libraries
com.jcraft/jsch	tag_library	network
com.jcraft/jsch	tag_library	shell
com.jcraft/jsch	tag_library	ssh
com.jcraft/jsch	tag_library	remote
com.jcraft/jsch	tag_library	secure
org.apache.logging.log4j.osgi/log4j-core-osgi-reduced	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.logging.log4j.osgi/log4j-core-osgi-reduced	tag_library	logging
org.apache.logging.log4j.osgi/log4j-core-osgi-reduced	tag_library	log4j
org.apache.logging.log4j.osgi/log4j-core-osgi-reduced	tag_library	apache
org.apache.logging.log4j.osgi/log4j-core-osgi-reduced	tag_library	osgi
tomcat/jasper-runtime	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/jasper-runtime	tag_library	server
tomcat/jasper-runtime	tag_library	tomcat
tomcat/jasper-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.webjars.bower/datatables.net	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/datatables.net	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/datatables.net	tag_library	data
org.webjars.bower/datatables.net	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/datatables.net	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/datatables.net	tag_library	table
org.webjars.npm/mqtt	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mqtt	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mqtt	tag_library	mqtt
org.webjars.npm/mqtt	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mqtt	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mqtt	tag_library	resources
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.11	tag_library	http
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.11	tag_library	server
io.dropwizard/dropwizard-validation	categorise_library	Validation Libraries
io.dropwizard/dropwizard-validation	tag_library	dropwizard
io.dropwizard/dropwizard-validation	tag_library	validation
com.github.httl/httl	tag_library	github
org.apache.activemq/activemq-all	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-all	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-all	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-all	tag_library	apache
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-bitbucket-pipeline	tag_library	pipeline
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-bitbucket-pipeline	tag_library	bitbucket
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-bitbucket-pipeline	tag_library	jenkins
batik/batik-dom	tag_library	graphics
batik/batik-dom	tag_library	svg
batik/batik-dom	tag_library	dom
org.hudsonci.plugins/parameterized-trigger	tag_library	plugin
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-ui	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-ui	tag_library	ui
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-ui	tag_library	management
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-ui	tag_library	starter
io.prestosql/presto-server	tag_library	presto
io.prestosql/presto-server	tag_library	server
org.jboss/jboss-ejb-client	tag_library	ejb
org.jboss/jboss-ejb-client	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss/jboss-ejb-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream	tag_library	xml
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream	tag_library	osgi
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC1	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC1	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC1	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC1	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC1	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	web
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	mvc
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-webmvc	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.tika/tika-bundle	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.tika/tika-bundle	tag_library	tika
org.apache.tika/tika-bundle	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tika/tika-bundle	tag_library	osgi
org.jboss.security/jbosssx	tag_library	security
org.jboss.security/jbosssx	tag_library	jboss
org.csanchez.jenkins.plugins/kubernetes	tag_library	plugin
org.csanchez.jenkins.plugins/kubernetes	tag_library	kubernetes
org.csanchez.jenkins.plugins/kubernetes	tag_library	jenkins
com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream	categorise_library	XML Processing
com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream	tag_library	xml
com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream	tag_library	processing
org.drools/drools-workbench-models-test-scenarios	tag_library	rule-engine
org.drools/drools-workbench-models-test-scenarios	tag_library	model
org.drools/drools-workbench-models-test-scenarios	tag_library	testing
org.apache.karaf.config/org.apache.karaf.config.core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.config/org.apache.karaf.config.core	tag_library	config
org.apache.karaf.config/org.apache.karaf.config.core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.config/org.apache.karaf.config.core	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.config/org.apache.karaf.config.core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site	tag_library	apache
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	jmx
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	monitoring
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	framework
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	remote
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	apache
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-jmx-remoting	tag_library	osgi
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-common	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-common	tag_library	spring
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-common	tag_library	cache
poi/poi-2.5.1-final	tag_library	poi
org.apache.wicket/wicket-extensions	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wicket/wicket-extensions	tag_library	wicket
org.apache.wicket/wicket-extensions	tag_library	extension
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/parameterized-trigger	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/parameterized-trigger	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/parameterized-trigger	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/parameterized-trigger	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.pdfbox/xmpbox	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/xmpbox	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/xmpbox	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/xmpbox	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core-ext	tag_library	server
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core-ext	tag_library	data
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core-ext	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/uimaj-adapter-vinci	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.uima/uimaj-adapter-vinci	tag_library	adapter
org.apache.uima/uimaj-adapter-vinci	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/uimaj-adapter-vinci	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.heron/heron-simulator	tag_library	apache
org.apache.heron/heron-simulator	tag_library	simulation
org.apache.lucene/lucene-queryparser	tag_library	lucene
org.apache.lucene/lucene-queryparser	tag_library	parser
org.apache.lucene/lucene-queryparser	tag_library	query
org.apache.lucene/lucene-queryparser	tag_library	apache
org.apache.lucene/lucene-queryparser	tag_library	index
org.onosproject/onos-gui	tag_library	ui
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-cloudformation-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-cloudformation-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-cloudformation-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-cloudformation-plugin	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-cloudformation-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-cloudformation-plugin	tag_library	cloudformation
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5-osgi	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5-osgi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5-osgi	tag_library	client
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5-osgi	tag_library	http
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5-osgi	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	openapi
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	swagger
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui	tag_library	api
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	network
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	socket
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	transport
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	netty
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	http
org.wso2.transport.http/org.wso2.transport.http.netty	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.karaf.shell/org.apache.karaf.shell.core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.shell/org.apache.karaf.shell.core	tag_library	shell
org.apache.karaf.shell/org.apache.karaf.shell.core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.shell/org.apache.karaf.shell.core	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.shell/org.apache.karaf.shell.core	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/resource-disposer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/resource-disposer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/resource-disposer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/resource-disposer	tag_library	resource
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/resource-disposer	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.archiva/archiva-repository-admin-api	tag_library	admin
org.apache.archiva/archiva-repository-admin-api	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.archiva/archiva-repository-admin-api	tag_library	repository
org.apache.archiva/archiva-repository-admin-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.archiva/archiva-repository-admin-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.archiva/archiva-repository-admin-api	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mattermost	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mattermost	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mattermost	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mattermost	tag_library	jenkins
org.robolectric/android-all	tag_library	android
com.liulishuo.filedownloader/library	categorise_library	Android Packages
com.liulishuo.filedownloader/library	tag_library	downloader
com.liulishuo.filedownloader/library	tag_library	library
com.liulishuo.filedownloader/library	tag_library	aar
com.liulishuo.filedownloader/library	tag_library	mobile
com.liulishuo.filedownloader/library	tag_library	android
org.apache.jackrabbit/oak-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.jackrabbit/oak-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jackrabbit/oak-core	tag_library	cms
org.apache.jackrabbit/oak-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-persistence-jpa	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-persistence-jpa	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-persistence-jpa	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/meliora-testlab	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/meliora-testlab	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/meliora-testlab	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/meliora-testlab	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	network
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	ssh
org.webjars.npm/mathjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mathjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mathjs	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mathjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mathjs	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/dojo	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/dojo	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/dojo	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/dojo	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/tablesorter	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/tablesorter	tag_library	web
org.webjars/tablesorter	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/tablesorter	tag_library	resources
org.owasp.esapi/esapi	tag_library	owasp
org.webjars.bower/remarkable	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/remarkable	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/remarkable	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/remarkable	tag_library	resources
org.apache.camel/camel-http4	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-http4	tag_library	http
org.apache.camel/camel-http4	tag_library	camel
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/subversion	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/subversion	tag_library	scm
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/subversion	tag_library	svn
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-commons	tag_library	web
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-commons	tag_library	commons
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard	tag_library	apache
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard	tag_library	library
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard	tag_library	jsp
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard	tag_library	taglibs
org.apache.taglibs/taglibs-standard	tag_library	taglib
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	categorise_library	Natural Language Processing
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	tag_library	nlp
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	tag_library	parsing
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	tag_library	text
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	tag_library	processing
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	tag_library	language
edu.stanford.nlp/stanford-corenlp	tag_library	machine-learning
org.apache.hive/hive	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive/hive	tag_library	hive
org.apache.hive/hive	tag_library	hadoop
com.erudika/para-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.camel/camel-management-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-management-api	tag_library	management
org.apache.camel/camel-management-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.camel/camel-management-api	tag_library	camel
org.webjars.bower/pretty-photo	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/pretty-photo	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/pretty-photo	tag_library	photo
org.webjars.bower/pretty-photo	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/pretty-photo	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/openui5	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/openui5	tag_library	web
org.webjars/openui5	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/openui5	tag_library	resources
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.mybatis	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.mybatis	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.mybatis	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.mybatis	tag_library	mybatis
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.mybatis	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.mybatis	tag_library	osgi
org.quartz-scheduler/quartz	categorise_library	Job Scheduling
org.quartz-scheduler/quartz	tag_library	scheduling
org.quartz-scheduler/quartz	tag_library	quartz
org.quartz-scheduler/quartz	tag_library	job
org.infinispan/infinispan-client-hotrod	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-client-hotrod	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan/infinispan-client-hotrod	tag_library	client
org.apache.tomcat/jasper	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/jasper	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/jasper	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/jasper	tag_library	tomcat
io.ratpack/ratpack-groovy	tag_library	groovy
io.undertow/undertow-benchmarks	tag_library	undertow
io.undertow/undertow-benchmarks	tag_library	benchmark
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kanboard	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kanboard	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kanboard	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kanboard	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper	tag_library	embedded
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	tag_library	github
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-content-access	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-content-access	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-content-access	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-content-access	tag_library	access
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-1.2.2	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-1.2.2	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-1.2.2	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-1.2.2	tag_library	xml
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-1.2.2	tag_library	osgi
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-security	tag_library	bundle
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-security	tag_library	security
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-security	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	client
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	directory
org.apache.directory.api/api-ldap-client-api	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/klocwork	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/klocwork	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/klocwork	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/klocwork	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/request	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/request	tag_library	web
org.webjars/request	tag_library	request
org.webjars/request	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/request	tag_library	resources
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server	tag_library	repository
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory	tag_library	directory
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/hockeyapp	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/hockeyapp	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/hockeyapp	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/hockeyapp	tag_library	jenkins
com.typesafe.play/play_2.11	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.typesafe.play/play_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play_2.11	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play_2.11	tag_library	web
com.typesafe.play/play_2.11	tag_library	framework
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pegdown-formatter	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pegdown-formatter	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pegdown-formatter	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pegdown-formatter	tag_library	formatter
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pegdown-formatter	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pegdown-formatter	tag_library	markdown
org.webjars.npm/is-my-json-valid	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/is-my-json-valid	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/is-my-json-valid	tag_library	json
org.webjars.npm/is-my-json-valid	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/is-my-json-valid	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/is-my-json-valid	tag_library	resources
org.mock-server/mockserver-core	tag_library	mock
org.mock-server/mockserver-core	tag_library	server
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	categorise_library	OAuth Libraries
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	tag_library	authorization
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	tag_library	authentication
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth	tag_library	oauth
org.webjars.bowergithub.prismjs/prism	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.prismjs/prism	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.prismjs/prism	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.prismjs/prism	tag_library	resources
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	categorise_library	Maven Plugins
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	mojo
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	build
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	build-system
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	maven
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	codehaus
org.codehaus.mojo/exec-maven-plugin	tag_library	exec
org.webjars/bootstrap-select	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/bootstrap-select	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/bootstrap-select	tag_library	web
org.webjars/bootstrap-select	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/bootstrap-select	tag_library	bootstrap
org.webjars.bowergithub.jasny/bootstrap	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jasny/bootstrap	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jasny/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.jasny/bootstrap	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.jasny/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
org.springframework.security/spring-security-web	categorise_library	Security Frameworks
org.springframework.security/spring-security-web	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-web	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-web	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.derby/derbynet	tag_library	database
org.apache.derby/derbynet	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2	tag_library	aws
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2	tag_library	ec2
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2	tag_library	jenkins
com.amazonaws/aws-encryption-sdk-java	tag_library	aws
com.amazonaws/aws-encryption-sdk-java	tag_library	amazon
com.amazonaws/aws-encryption-sdk-java	tag_library	cryptography
com.amazonaws/aws-encryption-sdk-java	tag_library	sdk
org.jolokia/jolokia-jvm	tag_library	jvm
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-autoconfigure	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-autoconfigure	tag_library	config
com.parasoft/environment-manager	tag_library	manager
com.parasoft/environment-manager	tag_library	management
com.parasoft/environment-manager	tag_library	environment
org.apache.derby/derbytools	tag_library	database
org.apache.derby/derbytools	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-ws	tag_library	integration
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-ws	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-ws	tag_library	framework
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	jms
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	queue
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms	tag_library	osgi
io.jooby/jooby-netty	tag_library	network
io.jooby/jooby-netty	tag_library	netty
io.jooby/jooby-netty	tag_library	socket
org.apache.struts/struts-core	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts-core	tag_library	apache
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	categorise_library	Web Servers
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	application
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	server
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	war
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	webserver
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	web
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	webapp
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	jetty
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty	tag_library	http
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	categorise_library	Expression Languages
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	language
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	expression
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.tomcat/el-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.ant/ant-junitlauncher	tag_library	ant
org.apache.ant/ant-junitlauncher	tag_library	apache
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.13	tag_library	twitter
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.13	tag_library	server
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy-all	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy-all	tag_library	jvm
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy-all	tag_library	language
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy-all	tag_library	groovy
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy-all	tag_library	codehaus
org.apache.axis2/axis2-kernel	tag_library	kernel
org.apache.axis2/axis2-kernel	tag_library	apache
org.apache.axis2/axis2-kernel	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	categorise_library	Distributed Computing
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	tag_library	computing
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	tag_library	apache
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11	tag_library	parallel
org.neo4j.app/neo4j-server	tag_library	database
org.neo4j.app/neo4j-server	tag_library	server
org.neo4j.app/neo4j-server	tag_library	graph
org.neo4j.app/neo4j-server	tag_library	neo4j
org.apache.commons/commons-configuration2	categorise_library	Configuration Libraries
org.apache.commons/commons-configuration2	tag_library	config
org.apache.commons/commons-configuration2	tag_library	properties
org.apache.commons/commons-configuration2	tag_library	apache
org.apache.commons/commons-configuration2	tag_library	commons
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zap	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zap	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zap	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zap	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bower/casperjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/casperjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/casperjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/casperjs	tag_library	resources
org.apache.james/apache-james-mailbox-maildir	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james/apache-james-mailbox-maildir	tag_library	mail
org.yaml/snakeyaml	categorise_library	YAML Parsers
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	format
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	yaml
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	bundle
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	parser
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	data
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	serialization
org.yaml/snakeyaml	tag_library	osgi
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14	tag_library	debug
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14	tag_library	jdk
org.webjars.npm/macaddress	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/macaddress	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/macaddress	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/macaddress	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/macaddress	tag_library	resources
org.apache.karaf.specs/org.apache.karaf.specs.java.xml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.specs/org.apache.karaf.specs.java.xml	tag_library	xml
org.apache.karaf.specs/org.apache.karaf.specs.java.xml	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.specs/org.apache.karaf.specs.java.xml	tag_library	specs
org.apache.karaf.specs/org.apache.karaf.specs.java.xml	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/primeui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/primeui	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/primeui	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/primeui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/primeui	tag_library	resources
org.apache.activemq/activemq-http	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-http	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-http	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-http	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-http	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-cloudscan-jenkins-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-cloudscan-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-cloudscan-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-cloudscan-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.ws	tag_library	integration
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.ws	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.ws	tag_library	framework
dev.paseto/jpaseto-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-workflow-local	tag_library	workflow
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-workflow-local	tag_library	system
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-workflow-local	tag_library	web
org.python/jython	categorise_library	Python Integration
org.python/jython	tag_library	python
org.python/jython	tag_library	integration
org.apache.hadoop/zookeeper	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/zookeeper	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/zookeeper	tag_library	zookeeper
org.apache.druid.extensions/druid-basic-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.druid.extensions/druid-basic-security	tag_library	apache
org.apache.druid.extensions/druid-basic-security	tag_library	druid
org.apache.druid.extensions/druid-basic-security	tag_library	extension
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	categorise_library	Data Formats
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	tag_library	format
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	tag_library	data
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	tag_library	google
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	tag_library	protobuf
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	tag_library	serialization
com.google.protobuf/protobuf-java	tag_library	protocol
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	categorise_library	JPA Implementations
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	orm
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa	tag_library	openjpa
com.alipay.sofa/hessian	tag_library	payments
com.alipay.sofa/hessian	tag_library	alipay
com.alipay.sofa/hessian	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.tika/tika-app	tag_library	tika
org.apache.tika/tika-app	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-kernel	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-kernel	tag_library	kernel
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-kernel	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-kernel	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-kernel	tag_library	openjpa
org.webjars.npm/mjml	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mjml	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mjml	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mjml	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mjml	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/violation-comments-to-gitlab	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/violation-comments-to-gitlab	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/violation-comments-to-gitlab	tag_library	gitlab
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/violation-comments-to-gitlab	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/violation-comments-to-gitlab	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh	tag_library	network
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh	tag_library	ssh
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.struts/struts-taglib	categorise_library	JSP Tag Libraries
org.apache.struts/struts-taglib	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts-taglib	tag_library	apache
org.apache.struts/struts-taglib	tag_library	library
org.apache.struts/struts-taglib	tag_library	jsp
org.apache.struts/struts-taglib	tag_library	taglib
org.apache.unomi/unomi-common	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.unomi/unomi-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.unomi/unomi-common	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.hono/hono-bom	categorise_library	Bill of materials
org.eclipse.hono/hono-bom	tag_library	bom
org.eclipse.hono/hono-bom	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hono/hono-bom	tag_library	build
org.eclipse.hono/hono-bom	tag_library	dependencies
org.apache.geronimo/geronimo	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope/syncope	tag_library	apache
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	admin
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	module
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	bundle
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	server
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	service
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	web
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	webservice
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	console
org.ow2.jonas.admin/console-module-webservices-server	tag_library	osgi
org.restlet.jse/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	rest
org.restlet.jse/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	xml
org.restlet.jse/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	restlet
apache-taglibs/standard	tag_library	apache
apache-taglibs/standard	tag_library	library
apache-taglibs/standard	tag_library	jsp
apache-taglibs/standard	tag_library	taglibs
apache-taglibs/standard	tag_library	jstl
apache-taglibs/standard	tag_library	taglib
info.bluefloyd.jenkins/jenkins-jira-issue-updater	tag_library	jira
info.bluefloyd.jenkins/jenkins-jira-issue-updater	tag_library	jenkins
info.bluefloyd.jenkins/jenkins-jira-issue-updater	tag_library	updater
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/youtrack-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/youtrack-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/youtrack-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/youtrack-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	socket
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	server
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	websocket
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	service
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-websocket-services-jetty	tag_library	jetty
com.alauda.jenkins.plugins/alauda-devops-pipeline	tag_library	plugin
com.alauda.jenkins.plugins/alauda-devops-pipeline	tag_library	pipeline
com.alauda.jenkins.plugins/alauda-devops-pipeline	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5	tag_library	network
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5	tag_library	apache
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5	tag_library	client
org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5	tag_library	http
org.apache.synapse/Apache-Synapse	tag_library	apache
io.vertx/vertx-web	tag_library	vertx
io.vertx/vertx-web	tag_library	web
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-build-stats	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	stats
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	jenkins
jgroups/jgroups	tag_library	jgroups
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mzabriskie-axios	tag_library	resources
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-flowanalyzer	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-flowanalyzer	tag_library	tools
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-flowanalyzer	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-flowanalyzer	tag_library	toolkit
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-protocol	tag_library	wildfly
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-protocol	tag_library	protocol
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	tag_library	kubernetes
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	tag_library	google
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine	tag_library	engine
org.apache.hive/hive-common	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive/hive-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive/hive-common	tag_library	hive
org.springframework/spring-webmvc	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.springframework/spring-webmvc	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-webmvc	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-webmvc	tag_library	web
org.springframework/spring-webmvc	tag_library	mvc
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server-config	tag_library	repository
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server-config	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server-config	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-server-config	tag_library	config
org.apache.zeppelin/zeppelin-zengine	tag_library	apache
io.jenkins.docker/docker-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.docker/docker-plugin	tag_library	docker
io.jenkins.docker/docker-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.keycloak/keycloak-core	tag_library	keycloak
org.webjars.bower/dijit	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/dijit	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/dijit	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/dijit	tag_library	resources
org.hudsonci.plugins/git	categorise_library	Git Tools
org.hudsonci.plugins/git	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/git	tag_library	versioning
org.hudsonci.plugins/git	tag_library	scm
org.hudsonci.plugins/git	tag_library	version-control
org.hudsonci.plugins/git	tag_library	git
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j	tag_library	logging
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j	tag_library	log4j
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-kafka-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-kafka-processors	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.nifi/nifi-kafka-processors	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.nifi/nifi-kafka-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-kafka-processors	tag_library	processor
org.opencastproject/opencast-oaipmh-api	tag_library	bundle
org.opencastproject/opencast-oaipmh-api	tag_library	api
org.opencastproject/opencast-oaipmh-api	tag_library	opencast
org.opencastproject/opencast-oaipmh-api	tag_library	osgi
io.hawt/hawtio-springboot	tag_library	spring
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shelve-project-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shelve-project-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shelve-project-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shelve-project-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
io.syndesis.server/server-runtime	tag_library	server
io.syndesis.server/server-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cas-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cas-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cas-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cas-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	tag_library	authentication
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	tag_library	locking
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.main/remoting	tag_library	remote
org.jenkins-ci.main/remoting	tag_library	jenkins
org.springframework/org.springframework.context	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/org.springframework.context	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/org.springframework.context	tag_library	context
org.apache.struts/struts2-config-browser-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.struts/struts2-config-browser-plugin	tag_library	browser
org.apache.struts/struts2-config-browser-plugin	tag_library	config
org.apache.struts/struts2-config-browser-plugin	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-config-browser-plugin	tag_library	apache
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	plugin
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	bundle
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	google
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	ui
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	jquery
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	wicket
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui-plugins	tag_library	osgi
com.liferay/com.liferay.frontend.taglib	categorise_library	JSP Tag Libraries
com.liferay/com.liferay.frontend.taglib	tag_library	liferay
com.liferay/com.liferay.frontend.taglib	tag_library	library
com.liferay/com.liferay.frontend.taglib	tag_library	jsp
com.liferay/com.liferay.frontend.taglib	tag_library	taglib
com.liferay/com.liferay.frontend.taglib	tag_library	frontend
com.shopizer/sm-core-model	tag_library	model
tech.andrey.jenkins/mission-control-view	tag_library	control
tech.andrey.jenkins/mission-control-view	tag_library	jenkins
tech.andrey.jenkins/mission-control-view	tag_library	view
org.jboss.ws/jbossws-common	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-ui-backend	tag_library	sharding
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-ui-backend	tag_library	ui
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-ui-backend	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-ui-backend	tag_library	backend
ch.qos.logback/logback-access	tag_library	logback
ch.qos.logback/logback-access	tag_library	logging
ch.qos.logback/logback-access	tag_library	access
junit/junit	categorise_library	Testing Frameworks & Tools
junit/junit	tag_library	testing
junit/junit	tag_library	junit
junit/junit	tag_library	quality
org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-backend	tag_library	designer
org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-backend	tag_library	bpm
org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-backend	tag_library	backend
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-framework	tag_library	framework
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-framework	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-framework	tag_library	apache
net.sourceforge.htmlunit/htmlunit	categorise_library	Web Testing
net.sourceforge.htmlunit/htmlunit	tag_library	quality
net.sourceforge.htmlunit/htmlunit	tag_library	htmlunit
net.sourceforge.htmlunit/htmlunit	tag_library	testing
net.sourceforge.htmlunit/htmlunit	tag_library	web
net.sourceforge.htmlunit/htmlunit	tag_library	html
io.ktor/ktor-server-cio	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-server-cio	tag_library	kotlin
io.ktor/ktor-server-cio	tag_library	server
org.webjars.bowergithub.gseguin/jquery-hashchange	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.gseguin/jquery-hashchange	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.gseguin/jquery-hashchange	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.gseguin/jquery-hashchange	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.gseguin/jquery-hashchange	tag_library	jquery
org.jboss.netty/netty	tag_library	network
org.jboss.netty/netty	tag_library	bundle
org.jboss.netty/netty	tag_library	socket
org.jboss.netty/netty	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.netty/netty	tag_library	netty
org.jboss.netty/netty	tag_library	osgi
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	play-framework
io.ktor/ktor-http-cio	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-http-cio	tag_library	kotlin
io.ktor/ktor-http-cio	tag_library	http
org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-deployers-common	tag_library	deployment
org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-deployers-common	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/jetspeed-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/jetspeed-security	tag_library	portal
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/jetspeed-security	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8	tag_library	xml
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/absint-astree	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/absint-astree	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/absint-astree	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/absint-astree	tag_library	jenkins
org.codehaus.plexus/plexus-utils	categorise_library	Core Utilities
org.codehaus.plexus/plexus-utils	tag_library	codehaus
org.apache.heron/heron-spi	tag_library	interface
org.apache.heron/heron-spi	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openstack-cloud	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openstack-cloud	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openstack-cloud	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openstack-cloud	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openstack-cloud	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openstack-cloud	tag_library	openstack
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	categorise_library	Natural Language Processing
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	nlp
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	tools
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	parsing
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	opennlp
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	text
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	processing
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	language
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	apache
org.apache.opennlp/opennlp-tools	tag_library	machine-learning
fr.edf.jenkins.plugins/mac	tag_library	plugin
fr.edf.jenkins.plugins/mac	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.activemq/activemq-openwire-generator	tag_library	generator
org.apache.activemq/activemq-openwire-generator	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-openwire-generator	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-openwire-generator	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-openwire-generator	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	tag_library	cryptography
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	tag_library	crypto
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-crypto	tag_library	encryption
org.apache.nifi/nifi-stateless	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-stateless	tag_library	apache
com.liferay.portal/portal-impl	tag_library	portal
com.liferay.portal/portal-impl	tag_library	liferay
com.liferay.portal/portal-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.restlet.gae/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	rest
org.restlet.gae/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	xml
org.restlet.gae/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	restlet
org.restlet.gae/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	appengine
org.webjars/decompress	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/decompress	tag_library	web
org.webjars/decompress	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/decompress	tag_library	resources
org.apache.orc/orc-core	tag_library	apache
org.grails/grails-core	tag_library	grails
org.grails/grails-core	tag_library	groovy
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/ua-parser-js	tag_library	javascript
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-security	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-security	tag_library	security
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-security	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-security	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-security	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.camel/camel-main	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-main	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-microscanner	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-microscanner	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-microscanner	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-microscanner	tag_library	jenkins
org.openapitools/openapi-generator-project	tag_library	generator
org.openapitools/openapi-generator-project	tag_library	openapi
org.openapitools/openapi-generator-project	tag_library	api
net.sf.jasperreports/jasperreports	tag_library	report
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker	tag_library	communication
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker	tag_library	queue
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker	tag_library	broker
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker	tag_library	apache
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker	tag_library	message
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter	tag_library	jmeter
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter	tag_library	performance
jgroups/jgroups-all	tag_library	jgroups
org.opencastproject/opencast-kernel	tag_library	kernel
org.opencastproject/opencast-kernel	tag_library	bundle
org.opencastproject/opencast-kernel	tag_library	opencast
org.opencastproject/opencast-kernel	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-core	categorise_library	Hadoop Databases
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-core	tag_library	database
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-core	tag_library	accumulo
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-core	tag_library	nosql
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-core	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-core	tag_library	apache
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/groovy	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/groovy	tag_library	groovy
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-server	tag_library	database
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-server	tag_library	server
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-server	tag_library	orientdb
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-client	tag_library	queue
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-client	tag_library	rocketmq
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-client	tag_library	client
com.ds.tools.hudson/crowd	tag_library	tools
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ws-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ws-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ws-core	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ws-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ws-core	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/publish-over-cifs	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/publish-over-cifs	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/publish-over-cifs	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/publish-over-cifs	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jx-resources	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jx-resources	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jx-resources	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jx-resources	tag_library	resource
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jx-resources	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j-core	categorise_library	Logging Frameworks
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j-core	tag_library	logging
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j-core	tag_library	log4j
org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j-core	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/string	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/string	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/string	tag_library	string
org.webjars.npm/string	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/string	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/string	tag_library	resources
org.onosproject/onos-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	application
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	registry
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	war
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-web-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-stax	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-stax	tag_library	security
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-stax	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-stax	tag_library	xml
org.apache.geode/geode-pulse	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.geode/geode-pulse	tag_library	application
org.apache.geode/geode-pulse	tag_library	war
org.apache.geode/geode-pulse	tag_library	web
org.apache.geode/geode-pulse	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.geode/geode-pulse	tag_library	apache
org.wisdom-framework/derby	tag_library	framework
org.wisdom-framework/derby	tag_library	database
org.wisdom-framework/derby	tag_library	osgi
org.wisdom-framework/derby	tag_library	bundle
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shared-objects	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shared-objects	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shared-objects	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/shared-objects	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ftppublisher	tag_library	plugin
org.eclipse.milo/stack-core	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.milo/stack-core	tag_library	stack
io.jenkins.plugins/chaos-monkey	tag_library	plugin
io.jenkins.plugins/chaos-monkey	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	application
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	war
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	ui
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-ui	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/papaparse	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/papaparse	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/papaparse	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/papaparse	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/papaparse	tag_library	resources
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-api	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-api	tag_library	management
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-api	tag_library	api
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-mgmt-api	tag_library	starter
org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock	tag_library	authentication
org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock	tag_library	locking
org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock	tag_library	resources
com.gradle/gradle-enterprise-maven-extension	tag_library	build
com.gradle/gradle-enterprise-maven-extension	tag_library	build-system
com.gradle/gradle-enterprise-maven-extension	tag_library	maven
com.gradle/gradle-enterprise-maven-extension	tag_library	gradle
com.gradle/gradle-enterprise-maven-extension	tag_library	groovy
com.gradle/gradle-enterprise-maven-extension	tag_library	extension
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	database
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	sql
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	registry
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	jdbc
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	spring
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-revision-spring-jdbc	tag_library	apache
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-client	tag_library	micronaut
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-client	tag_library	http
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-client	tag_library	client
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/sitemonitor	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.npm/datatables	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/datatables	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/datatables	tag_library	data
org.webjars.npm/datatables	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/datatables	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/datatables	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/datatables	tag_library	table
org.webjars.bower/knockout	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/knockout	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/knockout	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/knockout	tag_library	resources
org.onosproject/onos-apps-acl	tag_library	acl
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	queue
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	messaging
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	amqp
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	broker
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	apache
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-10-protocol	tag_library	protocol
io.hawt/hawtio-system	tag_library	system
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl	tag_library	module
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl	tag_library	deltaspike
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl	tag_library	apache
org.jasig.cas/cas-server-core	tag_library	server
org.kie.server/kie-server-common	tag_library	bundle
org.kie.server/kie-server-common	tag_library	server
org.kie.server/kie-server-common	tag_library	osgi
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-web	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-web	tag_library	application
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-web	tag_library	war
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-web	tag_library	web
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-web	tag_library	webapp
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-web	tag_library	sonar
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openid	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openid	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openid	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openid	tag_library	openid
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openid	tag_library	jenkins
org.hudsonci.plugins/coverity	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.poi/poi-examples	tag_library	poi
org.apache.poi/poi-examples	tag_library	apache
org.apache.poi/poi-examples	tag_library	example
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-proxy	tag_library	data
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-proxy	tag_library	apache
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-proxy	tag_library	proxy
org.apache.olingo/odata-client-proxy	tag_library	client
hudson.plugins/starteam	tag_library	plugin
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	build
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	build-system
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	barchart
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	visualization
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	maven
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	chart
com.barchart.jenkins/maven-release-cascade	tag_library	jenkins
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.11	tag_library	twitter
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.11	tag_library	server
org.apache.hive/hive-service	tag_library	service
org.apache.hive/hive-service	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive/hive-service	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive/hive-service	tag_library	hive
org.hudsonci.plugins/job-import-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/job-import-plugin	tag_library	import
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-scanner-engine	tag_library	scanning
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-scanner-engine	tag_library	sonar
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-scanner-engine	tag_library	engine
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-project	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-project	tag_library	apache
commons-httpclient/commons-httpclient	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
commons-httpclient/commons-httpclient	tag_library	commons
commons-httpclient/commons-httpclient	tag_library	http
commons-httpclient/commons-httpclient	tag_library	client
commons-httpclient/commons-httpclient	tag_library	network
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crowd2	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crowd2	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crowd2	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crowd2	tag_library	jenkins
com.dubture.jenkins/digitalocean-plugin	tag_library	plugin
com.dubture.jenkins/digitalocean-plugin	tag_library	digitalocean
com.dubture.jenkins/digitalocean-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.myfaces.trinidad/trinidad-impl	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.trinidad/trinidad-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.myfaces.trinidad/trinidad-impl	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/harvest	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/harvest	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/harvest	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/harvest	tag_library	jenkins
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15to18	tag_library	jdk
com.hoiio.jenkins/sms	tag_library	sms
com.hoiio.jenkins/sms	tag_library	jenkins
net.jpountz.lz4/lz4	categorise_library	Hashing Libraries
net.jpountz.lz4/lz4	tag_library	hashing
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15+	tag_library	jdk
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-model	tag_library	bundle
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-model	tag_library	model
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-model	tag_library	tracking
org.opendaylight.l2switch.hosttracker/hosttracker-model	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ha	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ha	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ha	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-ha	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	security
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	authentication
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	osgi
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/findbugs	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/findbugs	tag_library	analysis
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/findbugs	tag_library	findbugs
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	categorise_library	Font Libraries
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	tag_library	font
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	tag_library	typography
org.apache.pdfbox/fontbox	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core	tag_library	server
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core	tag_library	data
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty-common	tag_library	server
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty-common	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty-common	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty-common	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/backlog	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/backlog	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/backlog	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/backlog	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/reveal.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/reveal.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/reveal.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars/reveal.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/reveal.js	tag_library	javascript
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war	tag_library	application
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war	tag_library	war
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war	tag_library	web
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war	tag_library	webapp
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-war	tag_library	jenkins
org.grails/grails-spring	tag_library	grails
org.grails/grails-spring	tag_library	groovy
org.grails/grails-spring	tag_library	spring
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.util	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.util	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.util	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/slack	tag_library	jenkins
io.ktor/ktor-client-cio	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-client-cio	tag_library	kotlin
io.ktor/ktor-client-cio	tag_library	client
ca.juliusdavies/not-yet-commons-ssl	tag_library	ssl
ca.juliusdavies/not-yet-commons-ssl	tag_library	commons
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
com.github.shyiko/ktlint	tag_library	github
com.github.shyiko/ktlint	tag_library	lint
io.prestosql/presto-main	tag_library	presto
org.apache.activemq/activemq-stomp	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-stomp	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-stomp	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-stomp	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	tag_library	visualization
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	tag_library	chart
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/highcharts	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-branch-source	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-branch-source	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-branch-source	tag_library	github
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-branch-source	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-branch-source	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/faye	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/faye	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/faye	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/faye	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/faye	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	tag_library	git
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	tag_library	client
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/bugzilla	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.wink/wink-assembly-aggregatejar-osgi	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.wink/wink-assembly-aggregatejar-osgi	tag_library	assembly
org.apache.wink/wink-assembly-aggregatejar-osgi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wink/wink-assembly-aggregatejar-osgi	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner	tag_library	runner
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner	tag_library	liquibase
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner	tag_library	jenkins
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13.0-RC2	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13.0-RC2	tag_library	play-framework
org.apache.skywalking/oap-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.skywalking/oap-server	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-environment	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-environment	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-environment	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-environment	tag_library	environment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-environment	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.tika/tika-parsers	tag_library	parser
org.apache.tika/tika-parsers	tag_library	tika
org.apache.tika/tika-parsers	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wink/wink-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.wink/wink-server	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer	tag_library	deployment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/websphere-deployer	tag_library	websphere
org.ukiuni.callOtherJenkins/call-remote-job-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.ukiuni.callOtherJenkins/call-remote-job-plugin	tag_library	remote
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgrasterizer	tag_library	svg
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgrasterizer	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgrasterizer	tag_library	graphics
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-infinispan	tag_library	infinispan
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-infinispan	tag_library	model
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-infinispan	tag_library	cache
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-infinispan	tag_library	keycloak
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mantis	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mantis	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mantis	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mantis	tag_library	jenkins
apache-xerces/xercesImpl	tag_library	apache
apache-xerces/xercesImpl	tag_library	parser
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-api	tag_library	api
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-api	tag_library	alibaba
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlet	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlet	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlet	tag_library	servlet
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlet	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlet	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lumberjack-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lumberjack-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lumberjack-processors	tag_library	processor
ren.helloworld/upload-pgyer	tag_library	upload
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-management	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-management	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-management	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-management	tag_library	management
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-management	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka-client	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka-client	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.cxf/cxf-common-utilities	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-common-utilities	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-input-step	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-input-step	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-input-step	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-input-step	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-input-step	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-input-step	tag_library	input
org.hornetq/hornetq-jboss-as-integration	tag_library	integration
org.hornetq/hornetq-jboss-as-integration	tag_library	queue
org.hornetq/hornetq-jboss-as-integration	tag_library	jboss
net.sf.dozer/dozer	tag_library	dozer
org.hibernate/hibernate	categorise_library	Object/Relational Mapping
org.hibernate/hibernate	tag_library	persistence
org.hibernate/hibernate	tag_library	mapping
org.hibernate/hibernate	tag_library	orm
org.hibernate/hibernate	tag_library	hibernate
org.hibernate/hibernate	tag_library	relational
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-project	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-project	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-project	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-project	tag_library	matrix
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-project	tag_library	jenkins
net.i2p/router	tag_library	routing
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/collabnet	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	time
org.webjars.npm/angular-timer	tag_library	timer
org.apache.hive.hcatalog/hive-hcatalog-core	tag_library	catalog
org.apache.hive.hcatalog/hive-hcatalog-core	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive.hcatalog/hive-hcatalog-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive.hcatalog/hive-hcatalog-core	tag_library	hive
org.graylog2/graylog2-server	tag_library	logging
org.graylog2/graylog2-server	tag_library	graylog
org.graylog2/graylog2-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.qpid/apache-qpid-broker-j	tag_library	broker
org.apache.qpid/apache-qpid-broker-j	tag_library	apache
org.apache.dolphinscheduler/dolphinscheduler-dao	tag_library	scheduling
org.apache.dolphinscheduler/dolphinscheduler-dao	tag_library	dao
org.apache.dolphinscheduler/dolphinscheduler-dao	tag_library	apache
com.exadel.flamingo.flex/amf-serializer	tag_library	serialization
org.datadog.jenkins.plugins/datadog	tag_library	plugin
org.datadog.jenkins.plugins/datadog	tag_library	monitoring
org.datadog.jenkins.plugins/datadog	tag_library	datadog
org.datadog.jenkins.plugins/datadog	tag_library	jenkins
tomcat/tomcat-jk2	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat-jk2	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat-jk2	tag_library	tomcat
org.webjars.bowergithub.faisalman/ua-parser-js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.faisalman/ua-parser-js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.faisalman/ua-parser-js	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.bowergithub.faisalman/ua-parser-js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.faisalman/ua-parser-js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.faisalman/ua-parser-js	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-core	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-jsgui	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-jsgui	tag_library	application
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-jsgui	tag_library	war
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-jsgui	tag_library	web
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-jsgui	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-jsgui	tag_library	apache
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner	tag_library	runner
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-dom	tag_library	svg
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-dom	tag_library	dom
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-dom	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-dom	tag_library	graphics
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	xml
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	rpc
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	xmlrpc
org.webjars.bowergithub.moment/moment	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.moment/moment	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.moment/moment	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.moment/moment	tag_library	resources
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx	tag_library	jmx
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx	tag_library	monitoring
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx	tag_library	flink
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx	tag_library	apache
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx	tag_library	metrics
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app	tag_library	mapreduce
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app	tag_library	client
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-app	tag_library	parallel
org.apache.unomi/unomi-wab	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.unomi/unomi-wab	tag_library	apache
org.apache.unomi/unomi-wab	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps	tag_library	workflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-github-pipeline	tag_library	github
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-github-pipeline	tag_library	pipeline
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-github-pipeline	tag_library	jenkins
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.12	tag_library	twitter
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.12	tag_library	server
org.apache.nifi/nifi-security-utils	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-security-utils	tag_library	security
org.apache.nifi/nifi-security-utils	tag_library	apache
org.neo4j/neo4j-enterprise	tag_library	database
org.neo4j/neo4j-enterprise	tag_library	graph
org.neo4j/neo4j-enterprise	tag_library	neo4j
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory	tag_library	artifactory
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory	tag_library	jenkins
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common	tag_library	identity
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/whitesource	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/whitesource	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/whitesource	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/whitesource	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/lazysizes	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/lazysizes	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/lazysizes	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/lazysizes	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/lazysizes	tag_library	resources
org.apache.calcite/calcite-druid	tag_library	apache
org.apache.calcite/calcite-druid	tag_library	druid
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	database
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	sql
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	postgresql
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.postgresql	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-administration	tag_library	admin
org.apache.nifi/nifi-administration	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-administration	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	tag_library	application
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	tag_library	war
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-error	tag_library	apache
tomcat/catalina-optional	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/catalina-optional	tag_library	server
tomcat/catalina-optional	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.nifi/nifi-utils	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-utils	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/view26	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/view26	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/view26	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/view26	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/view26	tag_library	view
activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	jms
activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	queue
activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	activemq
org.springframework.security/spring-security-saml2-service-provider	tag_library	provider
org.springframework.security/spring-security-saml2-service-provider	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-saml2-service-provider	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-saml2-service-provider	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-saml2-service-provider	tag_library	service
org.springframework.security/spring-security-saml2-service-provider	tag_library	saml
org.webjars.bower/angular-timeline	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/angular-timeline	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/angular-timeline	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.bower/angular-timeline	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/angular-timeline	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/angular-timeline	tag_library	timeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/custom-job-icon	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/custom-job-icon	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/custom-job-icon	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/custom-job-icon	tag_library	icons
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/custom-job-icon	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.activemq/activemq-parent	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-parent	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-parent	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-parent	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.directory.studio/ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	browser
org.apache.directory.studio/ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.studio/ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.directory.studio/ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	directory
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-io	categorise_library	I/O Utilities
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-io	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-io	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-io	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-io	tag_library	io
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-io	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.wst.dtd/core	tag_library	eclipse
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	openapi
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	swagger
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress	tag_library	api
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/timestamper	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/timestamper	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/timestamper	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/timestamper	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf/cxf	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf	tag_library	cxf
org.springframework/spring-core	categorise_library	Core Utilities
org.springframework/spring-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-common-ldap	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-common-ldap	tag_library	apache
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-common-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-common-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-common-ldap	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.hive/hive-hplsql	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive/hive-hplsql	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive/hive-hplsql	tag_library	hive
org.webjars/superagent	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/superagent	tag_library	web
org.webjars/superagent	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/superagent	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	categorise_library	JWT Libraries
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	security
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	json
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	authentication
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	jwt
org.webjars.bower/angular-jwt	tag_library	resources
org.apache.activemq/activemq-jaas	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-jaas	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-jaas	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-jaas	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery	tag_library	jquery
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery	tag_library	resources
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-client-lib	tag_library	client
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-client-lib	tag_library	library
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-client-lib	tag_library	identity
net.sourceforge.pmd/pmd	categorise_library	Code Analyzers
net.sourceforge.pmd/pmd	tag_library	analysis
net.sourceforge.pmd/pmd	tag_library	code
net.sourceforge.pmd/pmd	tag_library	analyzer
net.sourceforge.pmd/pmd	tag_library	quality
io.ktor/ktor-auth	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-auth	tag_library	kotlin
io.ktor/ktor-auth	tag_library	authentication
br.com.ingenieux.jenkins.plugins/awseb-deployment-plugin	tag_library	plugin
br.com.ingenieux.jenkins.plugins/awseb-deployment-plugin	tag_library	deployment
br.com.ingenieux.jenkins.plugins/awseb-deployment-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.python/jython-standalone	categorise_library	Language Runtime
org.python/jython-standalone	tag_library	python
org.python/jython-standalone	tag_library	language
org.python/jython-standalone	tag_library	runtime
org.hudsonci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	scm
org.hudsonci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	svn
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty	tag_library	server
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin	tag_library	deployment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin	tag_library	weblogic
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.tomee/openejb-loader	tag_library	loader
org.apache.tomee/openejb-loader	tag_library	ejb
org.apache.tomee/openejb-loader	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.tomee/openejb-loader	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomee/openejb-loader	tag_library	openejb
org.webjars.bowergithub.cure53/dompurify	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.cure53/dompurify	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.cure53/dompurify	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.cure53/dompurify	tag_library	resources
com.lowagie/itext	categorise_library	PDF Libraries
com.lowagie/itext	tag_library	pdf
com.lowagie/itext	tag_library	format
com.lowagie/itext	tag_library	document
com.lowagie/itext	tag_library	office
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy	tag_library	codehaus
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy	tag_library	groovy
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy	tag_library	jvm
org.codehaus.groovy/groovy	tag_library	language
org.apache.james/james-server-core	tag_library	server
org.apache.james/james-server-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james/james-server-core	tag_library	mail
com.elasticbox.jenkins-ci.plugins/kubernetes-ci	tag_library	plugin
com.elasticbox.jenkins-ci.plugins/kubernetes-ci	tag_library	kubernetes
com.elasticbox.jenkins-ci.plugins/kubernetes-ci	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.skywalking/storage-jdbc-hikaricp-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.skywalking/storage-jdbc-hikaricp-plugin	tag_library	database
org.apache.skywalking/storage-jdbc-hikaricp-plugin	tag_library	sql
org.apache.skywalking/storage-jdbc-hikaricp-plugin	tag_library	jdbc
org.apache.skywalking/storage-jdbc-hikaricp-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.apache.skywalking/storage-jdbc-hikaricp-plugin	tag_library	storage
org.webjars.bower/lodash	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/lodash	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/lodash	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/lodash	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/qs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/qs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/qs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/qs	tag_library	resources
org.restlet/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	rest
org.restlet/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	xml
org.restlet/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	restlet
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/jetspeed-portal	tag_library	portal
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/jetspeed-portal	tag_library	apache
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.11	categorise_library	JWT Libraries
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.11	tag_library	security
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.11	tag_library	json
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.11	tag_library	authentication
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.11	tag_library	jwt
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk14	tag_library	jdk
io.arrow-kt/arrow-core	categorise_library	Functional Programming
io.arrow-kt/arrow-core	tag_library	arrow
io.arrow-kt/arrow-core	tag_library	functional
io.arrow-kt/arrow-core	tag_library	programming
io.arrow-kt/arrow-core	tag_library	fp
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/locked-files-report	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/locked-files-report	tag_library	report
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/locked-files-report	tag_library	file
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/locked-files-report	tag_library	io
org.apache.storm/storm-hbase	tag_library	database
org.apache.storm/storm-hbase	tag_library	apache
org.apache.storm/storm-hbase	tag_library	hbase
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-embedded	tag_library	embedded
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-embedded	tag_library	wildfly
org.apache.kylin/kylin-core-common	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/grunt	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/grunt	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/grunt	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/grunt	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/grunt	tag_library	resources
org.apache.pdfbox/preflight-app	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/preflight-app	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/preflight-app	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/preflight-app	tag_library	osgi
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-core	tag_library	database
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-core	tag_library	orientdb
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitea	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitea	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitea	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitea	tag_library	gitea
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitea	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bowergithub.axios/axios	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.axios/axios	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.axios/axios	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.axios/axios	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	quality
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	api
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/soapui-pro-functional-testing	tag_library	functional
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/logstash	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/logstash	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/logstash	tag_library	logging
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/logstash	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/logstash	tag_library	logstash
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/logstash	tag_library	jenkins
org.jboss.as/jboss-as-modcluster	tag_library	jboss
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-server	tag_library	server
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-server	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-server	tag_library	config
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-server	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-server	tag_library	cloud
ch.qos.logback/logback-core	categorise_library	Logging Frameworks
ch.qos.logback/logback-core	tag_library	logback
ch.qos.logback/logback-core	tag_library	logging
com.netflix.spinnaker.orca/orca-core	tag_library	spinnaker
com.netflix.spinnaker.orca/orca-core	tag_library	netflix
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jackrabbit/jackrabbit-core	tag_library	cms
org.apache.unomi/unomi-kar	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncviewer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncviewer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncviewer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vncviewer	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins.m2release/m2release	tag_library	plugin
com.googlecode.owasp-java-html-sanitizer/owasp-java-html-sanitizer	tag_library	bundle
com.googlecode.owasp-java-html-sanitizer/owasp-java-html-sanitizer	tag_library	google
com.googlecode.owasp-java-html-sanitizer/owasp-java-html-sanitizer	tag_library	sanitizer
com.googlecode.owasp-java-html-sanitizer/owasp-java-html-sanitizer	tag_library	owasp
com.googlecode.owasp-java-html-sanitizer/owasp-java-html-sanitizer	tag_library	html
com.googlecode.owasp-java-html-sanitizer/owasp-java-html-sanitizer	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgbrowser	tag_library	svg
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgbrowser	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-svgbrowser	tag_library	graphics
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saml	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saml	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saml	tag_library	security
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saml	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saml	tag_library	saml
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saml	tag_library	jenkins
org.eclipse.vorto/parent	tag_library	eclipse
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	aws
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	amazon
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	logging
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	monitoring
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	cloudwatch
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-cloudwatch-logs-publisher	tag_library	metrics
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	tag_library	application
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	tag_library	war
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	tag_library	assembly
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	tag_library	web
org.eclipse.che/assembly-wsmaster-war	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ant	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ant	tag_library	ant
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ant	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ant	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ant	tag_library	tomcat
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	tag_library	identifier
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	tag_library	uuid
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/node-uuid	tag_library	node
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	tag_library	formula
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/hot-formula-parser	tag_library	resources
com.github.binarywang/wx-java	tag_library	github
org.apache.hbase/hbase	categorise_library	Hadoop Databases
org.apache.hbase/hbase	tag_library	database
org.apache.hbase/hbase	tag_library	nosql
org.apache.hbase/hbase	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hbase/hbase	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hbase/hbase	tag_library	hbase
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	categorise_library	Web Servers
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	tag_library	web
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server	tag_library	http
net.opentsdb/opentsdb	tag_library	timeseries
net.opentsdb/opentsdb	tag_library	opentsdb
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit	tag_library	junit
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/junit	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/tar	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/tar	tag_library	web
org.webjars/tar	tag_library	tar
org.webjars/tar	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/tar	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	tag_library	jpeg
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/jpeg-js	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring3	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring3	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring3	tag_library	spring
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring3	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring3	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.james/james-server-spring	tag_library	server
org.apache.james/james-server-spring	tag_library	spring
org.apache.james/james-server-spring	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james/james-server-spring	tag_library	mail
org.webjars.npm/fstream	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/fstream	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/fstream	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/fstream	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/fstream	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	tag_library	url
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/url-parse	tag_library	resources
com.soasta.jenkins/cloudtest	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bowergithub.highlightjs/highlight.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.highlightjs/highlight.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.highlightjs/highlight.js	tag_library	highlight
org.webjars.bowergithub.highlightjs/highlight.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.highlightjs/highlight.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.highlightjs/highlight.js	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	batch
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.zeppelin/zeppelin	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/brakeman	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/brakeman	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/brakeman	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/brakeman	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	communication
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	queue
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	broker
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	apache
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11	tag_library	message
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-core	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-core	tag_library	batch
org.apache.derby/derby	categorise_library	JDBC Drivers
org.apache.derby/derby	tag_library	database
org.apache.derby/derby	tag_library	sql
org.apache.derby/derby	tag_library	jdbc
org.apache.derby/derby	tag_library	driver
org.apache.derby/derby	tag_library	apache
org.apache.derby/derby	tag_library	rdbms
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core	tag_library	security
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bowergithub.pandao/editor.md	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.pandao/editor.md	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.pandao/editor.md	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.pandao/editor.md	tag_library	editor
org.webjars.bowergithub.pandao/editor.md	tag_library	resources
org.apache.nifi/nifi-socket-utils	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-socket-utils	tag_library	socket
org.apache.nifi/nifi-socket-utils	tag_library	apache
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-api	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-api	tag_library	api
hudson.plugins.klaros/klaros-testmanagement	tag_library	plugin
com.sun.jersey/jersey-server	tag_library	server
com.sun.jersey/jersey-server	tag_library	webservice
org.opencastproject/base	tag_library	opencast
com.hotels.styx/styx-components	tag_library	component
org.mybatis/mybatis	categorise_library	Object/Relational Mapping
org.mybatis/mybatis	tag_library	persistence
org.mybatis/mybatis	tag_library	mapping
org.mybatis/mybatis	tag_library	orm
org.mybatis/mybatis	tag_library	mybatis
org.mybatis/mybatis	tag_library	relational
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/groovy-postbuild	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/groovy-postbuild	tag_library	groovy
com.ning/async-http-client	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.ning/async-http-client	tag_library	network
com.ning/async-http-client	tag_library	client
com.ning/async-http-client	tag_library	asynchronous
com.ning/async-http-client	tag_library	http
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-impl	categorise_library	Dependency Injection
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-impl	tag_library	dependency-injection
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-impl	tag_library	ioc
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-impl	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-impl	tag_library	implementation
com.github.jknack/handlebars	categorise_library	Template Engines
com.github.jknack/handlebars	tag_library	github
com.github.jknack/handlebars	tag_library	handlebars
com.github.jknack/handlebars	tag_library	template
com.github.jknack/handlebars	tag_library	engine
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	selector
org.apache.activemq/apollo-selector	tag_library	osgi
org.fujion.webjars/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.fujion.webjars/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ant	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ant	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ant	tag_library	ant
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ant	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ant	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git	tag_library	git
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git	tag_library	jenkins
com.mikesamuel/json-sanitizer	tag_library	json
com.mikesamuel/json-sanitizer	tag_library	sanitizer
org.opendaylight.aaa/aaa-cli	tag_library	bundle
org.opendaylight.aaa/aaa-cli	tag_library	command-line
org.opendaylight.aaa/aaa-cli	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/moment	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/moment	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/moment	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/moment	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/moment	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/persona	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/persona	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/persona	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/persona	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.commons/commons-collections4	categorise_library	Collections
org.apache.commons/commons-collections4	tag_library	structures
org.apache.commons/commons-collections4	tag_library	data
org.apache.commons/commons-collections4	tag_library	collections
org.apache.commons/commons-collections4	tag_library	apache
org.apache.commons/commons-collections4	tag_library	commons
org.restlet.osgi/org.restlet	tag_library	rest
org.restlet.osgi/org.restlet	tag_library	restlet
org.restlet.osgi/org.restlet	tag_library	osgi
org.thymeleaf/thymeleaf-spring5	tag_library	spring
org.thymeleaf/thymeleaf-spring5	tag_library	thymeleaf
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-main	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-main	tag_library	apache
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	categorise_library	WebSocket Clients
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	network
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	channel
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	bundle
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	socket
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	messaging
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	websocket
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	web
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	client
com.neovisionaries/nv-websocket-client	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	categorise_library	Hadoop Query Engines
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	tag_library	bigdata
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	tag_library	query
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	tag_library	hive
org.apache.hive/hive-exec	tag_library	exec
org.apache.sanselan/sanselan	tag_library	apache
org.apache.sanselan/sanselan	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.sanselan/sanselan	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.api	tag_library	api
org.apache.hive.shims/hive-shims-common-secure	tag_library	security
org.apache.hive.shims/hive-shims-common-secure	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive.shims/hive-shims-common-secure	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive.shims/hive-shims-common-secure	tag_library	hive
com.applatix.jenkins/applatix	tag_library	jenkins
log4j/log4j	categorise_library	Logging Frameworks
log4j/log4j	tag_library	logging
log4j/log4j	tag_library	log4j
log4j/log4j	tag_library	osgi
log4j/log4j	tag_library	bundle
org.uberfire/uberfire-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.openejb/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	ejb
org.apache.openejb/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.openejb/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openejb/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	arquillian
org.apache.openejb/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	openejb
org.kohsuke.stapler/stapler-jelly	tag_library	scripting
com.liferay/com.liferay.knowledge.base.service	tag_library	service
com.liferay/com.liferay.knowledge.base.service	tag_library	liferay
org.restlet.android/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	rest
org.restlet.android/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	xml
org.restlet.android/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	restlet
org.restlet.android/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	android
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/labmanager	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/labmanager	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/labmanager	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/labmanager	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jclouds-jenkins	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jclouds-jenkins	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jclouds-jenkins	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jclouds-jenkins	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jclouds-jenkins	tag_library	jenkins
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	rabbitmq
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	queue
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	messaging
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	amqp
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	broker
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	client
com.rabbitmq/amqp-client	tag_library	message
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-orchestration-core	tag_library	sharding
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-orchestration-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-orchestration-core	tag_library	orchestration
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	client
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.kafka-clients	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	categorise_library	Distributed Computing
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	tag_library	computing
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	tag_library	apache
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10	tag_library	parallel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	tag_library	git
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-parameter	tag_library	parameters
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-metrics	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-metrics	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-metrics	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-metrics	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-metrics	tag_library	metrics
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-main	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-main	tag_library	jsp
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-main	tag_library	wiki
org.webjars.npm/angular-aside	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-aside	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-aside	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/angular-aside	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/angular-aside	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/angular-aside	tag_library	resources
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	security
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web	tag_library	osgi
org.ethereum/ethereumj-core	tag_library	ethereum
org.ethereum/ethereumj-core	tag_library	eth
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/coverity	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/coverity	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/coverity	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/coverity	tag_library	jenkins
io.fabric8.pipeline/kubernetes-pipeline-devops-steps	tag_library	kubernetes
io.fabric8.pipeline/kubernetes-pipeline-devops-steps	tag_library	pipeline
no.nordicsemi.android/dfu	categorise_library	Android Packages
no.nordicsemi.android/dfu	tag_library	aar
no.nordicsemi.android/dfu	tag_library	mobile
no.nordicsemi.android/dfu	tag_library	android
com.hazelcast/hazelcast	tag_library	hazelcast
org.wildfly/wildfly-ee	tag_library	wildfly
org.apache.nifi/nifi-email-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-email-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-email-processors	tag_library	processor
org.apache.nifi/nifi-email-processors	tag_library	mail
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojox	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojox	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojox	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojox	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira-ext	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira-ext	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira-ext	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira-ext	tag_library	jira
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira-ext	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	tag_library	aws
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	tag_library	amazon
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm	tag_library	device
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-pac4j-core-clients	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-pac4j-core-clients	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-pac4j-core-clients	tag_library	security
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-pac4j-core-clients	tag_library	client
io.spray/spray-json_2.10	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.10	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.10	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.10	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.10	tag_library	serialization
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.10	tag_library	twitter
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.10	tag_library	server
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vmanager-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vmanager-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vmanager-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vmanager-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-build-step	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-build-step	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-build-step	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-build-step	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-build-step	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.jersey-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.jersey-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.jersey-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.jersey-core	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.jersey-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring	tag_library	spring
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.karaf.wrapper/org.apache.karaf.wrapper.core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.wrapper/org.apache.karaf.wrapper.core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.wrapper/org.apache.karaf.wrapper.core	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.wrapper/org.apache.karaf.wrapper.core	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.mapping.ui	categorise_library	Eclipse Plugins
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.mapping.ui	tag_library	plugin
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.mapping.ui	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.mapping.ui	tag_library	mapping
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.mapping.ui	tag_library	editor
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.mapping.ui	tag_library	ui
org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core	tag_library	apache
org.infinispan/infinispan-core	categorise_library	Cache Implementations
org.infinispan/infinispan-core	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan/infinispan-core	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-core	tag_library	performance
com.google.crypto.tink/tink	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
com.google.crypto.tink/tink	tag_library	security
com.google.crypto.tink/tink	tag_library	cryptography
com.google.crypto.tink/tink	tag_library	google
com.google.crypto.tink/tink	tag_library	crypto
com.google.crypto.tink/tink	tag_library	encryption
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	binding
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	provider
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	jaxb
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider	tag_library	xml
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	application
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	war
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	web
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	jsp
org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war	tag_library	wiki
org.webjars.npm/bson	categorise_library	BSON Serialization
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	format
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	binary
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	data
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	object
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	serialization
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	bson
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/bson	tag_library	resources
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-dubbo	tag_library	dubbo
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-dubbo	tag_library	apache
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-dubbo	tag_library	rpc
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	tag_library	angularjs
org.webjars.bower/angularjs	tag_library	javascript
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials	tag_library	credentials
c3p0/c3p0	categorise_library	JDBC Pools
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	database
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	sql
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	jdbc
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	pooling
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	pool
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	c3p0
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	connection
c3p0/c3p0	tag_library	datasource
org.webjars.bower/simditor	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/simditor	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/simditor	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/simditor	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.npm/ini	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.npm/ini	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.npm/ini	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.npm/ini	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.bowergithub.npm/ini	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/marked	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/marked	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/marked	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/marked	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/log-parser	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	logging
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	parser
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	jenkins
org.keycloak/keycloak-util-embedded-ldap	tag_library	embedded
org.keycloak/keycloak-util-embedded-ldap	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-util-embedded-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.keycloak/keycloak-util-embedded-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hbase	tag_library	database
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hbase	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hbase	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hbase	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hbase	tag_library	hbase
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hbase	tag_library	osgi
io.brooklyn/brooklyn-launcher	tag_library	launcher
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M5	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	serialization
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-support	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-support	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-support	tag_library	support
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-support	tag_library	workflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-support	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-support	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	tag_library	bitbucket
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-oauth	tag_library	oauth
org.jsecurity/jsecurity	categorise_library	Security Frameworks
org.jsecurity/jsecurity	tag_library	security
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-reporting-task	tag_library	task
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-reporting-task	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-reporting-task	tag_library	reporting
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-reporting-task	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-reporting-task	tag_library	report
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.10	categorise_library	JWT Libraries
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.10	tag_library	security
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.10	tag_library	json
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.10	tag_library	authentication
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.10	tag_library	jwt
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/selenium	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/selenium	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/selenium	tag_library	selenium
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/selenium	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/selenium	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/selenium	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.uima/uima-ducc-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.uima/uima-ducc-web	tag_library	apache
ro.pippo/pippo-jaxb	tag_library	xml
ro.pippo/pippo-jaxb	tag_library	binding
ro.pippo/pippo-jaxb	tag_library	jaxb
xerces/xerces	tag_library	parser
org.apache.cxf/cxf-api	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.skywalking/server-storage-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.skywalking/server-storage-plugin	tag_library	server
org.apache.skywalking/server-storage-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.apache.skywalking/server-storage-plugin	tag_library	storage
org.apache.tika/tika	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tika/tika	tag_library	tika
org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite	categorise_library	Android Packages
org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite	tag_library	tensorflow
org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite	tag_library	aar
org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite	tag_library	machine-learning
org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite	tag_library	mobile
org.tensorflow/tensorflow-lite	tag_library	android
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-repository	tag_library	bundle
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-repository	tag_library	repository
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-repository	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.tiles/tiles-core	tag_library	apache
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc-core-api	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc-core-api	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc-core-api	tag_library	oidc
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc-core-api	tag_library	api
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-server	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-server	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-server	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openshift-deployer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openshift-deployer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openshift-deployer	tag_library	openshift
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openshift-deployer	tag_library	deployment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openshift-deployer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/openshift-deployer	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.smack	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.smack	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.smack	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.smack	tag_library	osgi
tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat-util	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/literate	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/literate	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/literate	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/literate	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-multibranch	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-multibranch	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-multibranch	tag_library	workflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-multibranch	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-multibranch	tag_library	jenkins
org.hudsonci.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	build
org.apache.gobblin/gobblin-utility	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/queue-cleanup	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/queue-cleanup	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/queue-cleanup	tag_library	queue
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/queue-cleanup	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/queue-cleanup	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-logo	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-logo	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-logo	tag_library	gitlab
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-logo	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-logo	tag_library	jenkins
org.kohsuke/groovy-sandbox	tag_library	groovy
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common-instrumented	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common-instrumented	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common-instrumented	tag_library	instrumentation
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	tag_library	google
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher	tag_library	android
org.postgresql/postgresql	categorise_library	JDBC Drivers
org.postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	database
org.postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	sql
org.postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	jdbc
org.postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	postgresql
org.postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	driver
org.postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	rdbms
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-publisher	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-publisher	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-publisher	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-publisher	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-publisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/semver	categorise_library	Semantic Versioning
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	versioning
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	semver
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	version
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	semantic
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/semver	tag_library	resources
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-core	tag_library	repository
org.eclipse.vorto/repository-core	tag_library	eclipse
org.webjars.bower/momentjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/momentjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/momentjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/momentjs	tag_library	resources
org.apache.geode/gemfire-core	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	tag_library	github
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	tag_library	visualization
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	tag_library	chart
org.webjars.bower/github-com-highcharts-highcharts	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/anchore-container-scanner	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/anchore-container-scanner	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/anchore-container-scanner	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/anchore-container-scanner	tag_library	container
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/anchore-container-scanner	tag_library	scanning
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/anchore-container-scanner	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/highcharts	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/highcharts	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/highcharts	tag_library	web
org.webjars/highcharts	tag_library	visualization
org.webjars/highcharts	tag_library	chart
org.webjars/highcharts	tag_library	resources
org.apache.axis2/axis2	tag_library	apache
org.apache.axis2/axis2	tag_library	webservice
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.publisher.core	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.publisher.core	tag_library	event
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.publisher.core	tag_library	publisher
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.publisher.core	tag_library	analytics
org.wso2.carbon.analytics-common/org.wso2.carbon.event.publisher.core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.plugins-parent	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.plugins-parent	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.plugins-parent	tag_library	directory
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/visualworks-store	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/visualworks-store	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/visualworks-store	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/visualworks-store	tag_library	store
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/visualworks-store	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	network
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	socket
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	netty
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.netty	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	tag_library	google
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-oauth-plugin	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-client	tag_library	xml
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-client	tag_library	rpc
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc-client	tag_library	xmlrpc
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cvs	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cvs	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cvs	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cvs	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cvs	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy	tag_library	role
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy	tag_library	strategy
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy	tag_library	jenkins
org.ops4j.pax.logging/pax-logging-log4j2	tag_library	bundle
org.ops4j.pax.logging/pax-logging-log4j2	tag_library	logging
org.ops4j.pax.logging/pax-logging-log4j2	tag_library	osgi
org.opendaylight.sdninterfaceapp/sdninterfaceapp-impl	tag_library	implementation
com.ctrip.framework.apollo/apollo-client	tag_library	framework
com.ctrip.framework.apollo/apollo-client	tag_library	client
org.webjars.npm/dompurify	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/dompurify	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/dompurify	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/dompurify	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/dompurify	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-serverless	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-serverless	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-serverless	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-serverless	tag_library	serverless
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-serverless	tag_library	jenkins
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	communication
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	remote
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	remoting
com.typesafe.akka/akka-remote_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	rpc
org.apache.ranger/ranger-hive-utils	tag_library	apache
org.apache.ranger/ranger-hive-utils	tag_library	hive
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router	tag_library	routing
com.blackducksoftware.integration/blackduck-detect	tag_library	integration
org.apache.tomcat/coyote	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/coyote	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/coyote	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/coyote	tag_library	tomcat
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils-core	categorise_library	Reflection Libraries
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils-core	tag_library	commons
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils-core	tag_library	beans
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils-core	tag_library	reflection
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms-client	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms-client	tag_library	jms
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms-client	tag_library	queue
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms-client	tag_library	client
org.hornetq/hornetq-jms-client	tag_library	message
org.apache-extras.beanshell/bsh	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.apache-extras.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	jvm
org.apache-extras.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	shell
org.apache-extras.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	language
org.apache-extras.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/github-com-faisalman-ua-parser-js	tag_library	javascript
io.prestosql/presto-plugin-toolkit	tag_library	plugin
io.prestosql/presto-plugin-toolkit	tag_library	tools
io.prestosql/presto-plugin-toolkit	tag_library	presto
io.prestosql/presto-plugin-toolkit	tag_library	toolkit
org.freeswitch.esl.client/java-esl-client	tag_library	client
org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core	tag_library	jenkins
com.liferay.portal/com.liferay.portal.impl	tag_library	portal
com.liferay.portal/com.liferay.portal.impl	tag_library	liferay
com.liferay.portal/com.liferay.portal.impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	categorise_library	Cluster Managment
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	tag_library	managment
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	tag_library	yarn
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-users-ldap	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-users-ldap	tag_library	apache
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-users-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-users-ldap	tag_library	user
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-users-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-users-ldap	tag_library	osgi
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	http
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	server
org.webjars.npm/grpc	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	grpc
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	rpc
org.webjars.npm/grpc	tag_library	protocol
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion	tag_library	svn
org.springframework/org.springframework.beans	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/org.springframework.beans	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/org.springframework.beans	tag_library	beans
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc	tag_library	oidc
com.caverock/androidsvg	categorise_library	SVG Libraries
com.caverock/androidsvg	tag_library	svg
com.caverock/androidsvg	tag_library	graphics
com.caverock/androidsvg	tag_library	xml
com.caverock/androidsvg	tag_library	vector
bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14	tag_library	jdk
ch.acra/acra	categorise_library	Android Packages
ch.acra/acra	tag_library	android
ch.acra/acra	tag_library	mobile
ch.acra/acra	tag_library	aar
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-yaml-provider	tag_library	yaml
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-yaml-provider	tag_library	provider
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-yaml-provider	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-yaml-provider	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-yaml-provider	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	message
org.apache.activemq/activemq-client	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudshare-docker	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudshare-docker	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudshare-docker	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudshare-docker	tag_library	docker
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudshare-docker	tag_library	jenkins
org.red5/red5-server	tag_library	server
org.codehaus.castor/castor-xml	tag_library	xml
org.codehaus.castor/castor-xml	tag_library	codehaus
io.undertow/undertow-examples	tag_library	undertow
io.undertow/undertow-examples	tag_library	example
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-commons	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-commons	tag_library	commons
org.hibernate/hibernate-core	categorise_library	Object/Relational Mapping
org.hibernate/hibernate-core	tag_library	persistence
org.hibernate/hibernate-core	tag_library	mapping
org.hibernate/hibernate-core	tag_library	orm
org.hibernate/hibernate-core	tag_library	hibernate
org.hibernate/hibernate-core	tag_library	relational
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/pmd	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient-osgi	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient-osgi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient-osgi	tag_library	client
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient-osgi	tag_library	http
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient-osgi	tag_library	osgi
com.squareup.okhttp/okhttp	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.squareup.okhttp/okhttp	tag_library	http
com.squareup.okhttp/okhttp	tag_library	client
com.squareup.okhttp/okhttp	tag_library	network
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/secret	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/secret	tag_library	secret
org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-provisioning-java	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-provisioning-java	tag_library	provisioning
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-util	tag_library	rdf
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-util	tag_library	eclipse
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	categorise_library	Enterprise Service Bus
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	tag_library	bus
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	tag_library	service
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.synapse/synapse-core	tag_library	osgi
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	server
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	webserver
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	web
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	webapp
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	jetty
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nunit	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nunit	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nunit	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nunit	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-core	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-core	tag_library	batch
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-batch-core	tag_library	osgi
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	categorise_library	Date and Time Utilities
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	bundle
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	json
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	jsr
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	calendar
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	date
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	jackson
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	datatype
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	time
com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype/jackson-datatype-jsr310	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-keyvault	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-keyvault	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-keyvault	tag_library	azure
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-keyvault	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-keyvault	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-keyvault	tag_library	vault
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-jasper	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-jasper	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-jasper	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-jasper	tag_library	tomcat
com.monitorjbl/xlsx-streamer	categorise_library	Excel Libraries
com.monitorjbl/xlsx-streamer	tag_library	streaming
com.monitorjbl/xlsx-streamer	tag_library	excel
com.monitorjbl/xlsx-streamer	tag_library	spreadsheet
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http	tag_library	transport
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http	tag_library	http
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-transports-http	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bowergithub.alex-saunders/sliding-pages	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.alex-saunders/sliding-pages	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.alex-saunders/sliding-pages	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.alex-saunders/sliding-pages	tag_library	resources
org.apache.cxf/apache-cxf	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/apache-cxf	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-cluster-protocol	tag_library	protocol
org.webjars.npm/kind-of	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/kind-of	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/kind-of	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/kind-of	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/kind-of	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	tag_library	visualization
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	tag_library	chart
org.webjars.bowergithub.apache/incubator-echarts	tag_library	resources
commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload	categorise_library	Web Upload Managers
commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload	tag_library	web
commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload	tag_library	manager
commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload	tag_library	upload
commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload	tag_library	file
commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload	tag_library	commons
ch.qos.logback/logback-classic	categorise_library	Logging Frameworks
ch.qos.logback/logback-classic	tag_library	logback
ch.qos.logback/logback-classic	tag_library	logging
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	tag_library	data
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/datatables.net	tag_library	table
org.webjars.npm/property-expr	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/property-expr	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/property-expr	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/property-expr	tag_library	expression
org.webjars.npm/property-expr	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/property-expr	tag_library	resources
org.apache.nifi/nifi-solr-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-solr-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-solr-processors	tag_library	processor
org.apache.nifi/nifi-solr-processors	tag_library	solr
org.apache.nifi/nifi-solr-processors	tag_library	search
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.11	tag_library	http
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/active-directory	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/active-directory	tag_library	directory
org.keycloak/keycloak-wildfly-server-subsystem	tag_library	server
org.keycloak/keycloak-wildfly-server-subsystem	tag_library	wildfly
org.keycloak/keycloak-wildfly-server-subsystem	tag_library	keycloak
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ontrack	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ontrack	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ontrack	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ontrack	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pollscm	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pollscm	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pollscm	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pollscm	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bower/npm	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/npm	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/npm	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.bower/npm	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/npm	tag_library	resources
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/play-autotest-plugin	tag_library	testing
org.apache.qpid/qpid-jms-client	tag_library	jms
org.apache.qpid/qpid-jms-client	tag_library	queue
org.apache.qpid/qpid-jms-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.qpid/qpid-jms-client	tag_library	client
jivesoftware/smack	categorise_library	XMPP Integration Libraries
jivesoftware/smack	tag_library	xmpp
jivesoftware/smack	tag_library	protocol
jivesoftware/smack	tag_library	messaging
tomcat/servlets-webdav	tag_library	server
tomcat/servlets-webdav	tag_library	webdav
tomcat/servlets-webdav	tag_library	servlet
tomcat/servlets-webdav	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/servlets-webdav	tag_library	web
tomcat/servlets-webdav	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extended-choice-parameter	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extended-choice-parameter	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extended-choice-parameter	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extended-choice-parameter	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/extended-choice-parameter	tag_library	parameters
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/p4	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/p4	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/p4	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/p4	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all	categorise_library	Hadoop Databases
org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all	tag_library	database
org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all	tag_library	nosql
org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all	tag_library	cassandra
org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.cassandra/cassandra-all	tag_library	apache
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs	tag_library	webservice
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs	tag_library	jaxrs
com.google.oauth-client/google-oauth-client	categorise_library	OAuth Libraries
com.google.oauth-client/google-oauth-client	tag_library	google
com.google.oauth-client/google-oauth-client	tag_library	authorization
com.google.oauth-client/google-oauth-client	tag_library	authentication
com.google.oauth-client/google-oauth-client	tag_library	client
com.google.oauth-client/google-oauth-client	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xalan	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xalan	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xalan	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xalan	tag_library	osgi
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp	categorise_library	XMPP Integration Libraries
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp	tag_library	network
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp	tag_library	messaging
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp	tag_library	tcp
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp	tag_library	protocol
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp	tag_library	xmpp
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	tag_library	editor
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-ckeditor-ckeditor4	tag_library	resources
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-authentication-ldap	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-authentication-ldap	tag_library	authentication
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-authentication-ldap	tag_library	apache
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-authentication-ldap	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-authentication-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-authentication-ldap	tag_library	osgi
org.keycloak/keycloak-parent	tag_library	keycloak
com.sonyericsson.jenkins.plugins.bfa/build-failure-analyzer	tag_library	plugin
com.sonyericsson.jenkins.plugins.bfa/build-failure-analyzer	tag_library	analyzer
com.sonyericsson.jenkins.plugins.bfa/build-failure-analyzer	tag_library	build
com.sonyericsson.jenkins.plugins.bfa/build-failure-analyzer	tag_library	jenkins
org.jboss.genericjms/generic-jms-ra-jar	tag_library	jms
org.jboss.genericjms/generic-jms-ra-jar	tag_library	queue
org.jboss.genericjms/generic-jms-ra-jar	tag_library	jboss
org.webjars/mout	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/mout	tag_library	web
org.webjars/mout	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/mout	tag_library	resources
com.hotels.styx/styx-client	tag_library	client
org.webjars.bowergithub.lodash/lodash	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.lodash/lodash	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.lodash/lodash	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.lodash/lodash	tag_library	resources
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-client	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-client	tag_library	config
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-client	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-client	tag_library	cloud
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-config-client	tag_library	client
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/confluence-publisher	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/confluence-publisher	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/confluence-publisher	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/confluence-publisher	tag_library	confluence
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/confluence-publisher	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/confluence-publisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/yarn	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/yarn	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/yarn	tag_library	yarn
org.webjars.npm/yarn	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/yarn	tag_library	hadoop
org.webjars.npm/yarn	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/yarn	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/mediaelement	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/mediaelement	tag_library	web
org.webjars/mediaelement	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/mediaelement	tag_library	resources
org.hibernate.validator/hibernate-validator	categorise_library	Validation Libraries
org.hibernate.validator/hibernate-validator	tag_library	hibernate
org.hibernate.validator/hibernate-validator	tag_library	persistence
org.hibernate.validator/hibernate-validator	tag_library	validation
org.webjars.bowergithub.kjur/jsrsasign	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.kjur/jsrsasign	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.kjur/jsrsasign	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.kjur/jsrsasign	tag_library	resources
org.apache.any23/apache-any23-core	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-plugin	tag_library	gitlab
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.rave/rave-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.rave/rave-web	tag_library	apache
com.urbancode.ds.jenkins.plugins/sra-deploy	tag_library	plugin
com.urbancode.ds.jenkins.plugins/sra-deploy	tag_library	deployment
com.urbancode.ds.jenkins.plugins/sra-deploy	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pam-auth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pam-auth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pam-auth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pam-auth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pam-auth	tag_library	jenkins
com.paul8620.jenkins.plugins/pipeline-aggregator-view	tag_library	plugin
com.paul8620.jenkins.plugins/pipeline-aggregator-view	tag_library	pipeline
com.paul8620.jenkins.plugins/pipeline-aggregator-view	tag_library	aggregation
com.paul8620.jenkins.plugins/pipeline-aggregator-view	tag_library	jenkins
com.paul8620.jenkins.plugins/pipeline-aggregator-view	tag_library	view
org.apache.camel/camel-chunk	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-chunk	tag_library	camel
io.ratpack/ratpack-session	tag_library	session
org.owasp/dependency-check-core	tag_library	owasp
org.owasp/dependency-check-core	tag_library	dependencies
io.jenkins.plugins/sofy-ai	tag_library	plugin
io.jenkins.plugins/sofy-ai	tag_library	ai
io.jenkins.plugins/sofy-ai	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-githubnotify-step	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-githubnotify-step	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-githubnotify-step	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-githubnotify-step	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-githubnotify-step	tag_library	jenkins
org.springframework.ws/spring-xml	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.ws/spring-xml	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.ws/spring-xml	tag_library	xml
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/accurev	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/accurev	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/accurev	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/accurev	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.struts/struts2-core	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.apache.struts/struts2-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-core	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-core	tag_library	web
org.apache.struts/struts2-core	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/translation	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/translation	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/translation	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/translation	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/translation	tag_library	translation
org.webjars/fstream	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/fstream	tag_library	web
org.webjars/fstream	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/fstream	tag_library	resources
com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind	tag_library	format
com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind	tag_library	binding
com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind	tag_library	json
com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind	tag_library	serialization
com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind	tag_library	jackson
com.liferay/com.liferay.asset.browser.web	tag_library	browser
com.liferay/com.liferay.asset.browser.web	tag_library	web
com.liferay/com.liferay.asset.browser.web	tag_library	liferay
org.opencms/opencms-core	tag_library	cms
org.glassfish.metro/webservices-rt	tag_library	glassfish
org.glassfish.metro/webservices-rt	tag_library	service
org.glassfish.metro/webservices-rt	tag_library	web
org.glassfish.metro/webservices-rt	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.tika/tika-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.tika/tika-server	tag_library	tika
org.apache.tika/tika-server	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-oxm	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-oxm	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-oxm	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-oxm	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-oxm	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars/node-uuid	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/node-uuid	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/node-uuid	tag_library	identifier
org.webjars/node-uuid	tag_library	uuid
org.webjars/node-uuid	tag_library	web
org.webjars/node-uuid	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/node-uuid	tag_library	node
org.webjars/qs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/qs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/qs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/qs	tag_library	resources
org.mitre/openid-connect-server	categorise_library	OpenID Libraries
org.mitre/openid-connect-server	tag_library	server
org.mitre/openid-connect-server	tag_library	authorization
org.mitre/openid-connect-server	tag_library	openid
org.mitre/openid-connect-server	tag_library	authentication
org.mitre/openid-connect-server	tag_library	connection
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.12	tag_library	network
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.12	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.12	tag_library	apache
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-jaspi	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-jaspi	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-jaspi	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-jaspi	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.camel/camel-hessian	tag_library	camel
com.ctrip.framework.apollo/apollo-core	tag_library	framework
org.webjars.bower/reveal.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/reveal.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/reveal.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/reveal.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/reveal.js	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-slice	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-slice	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-slice	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-slice	tag_library	openjpa
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radiatorviewplugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radiatorviewplugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radiatorviewplugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radiatorviewplugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudbees-jenkins-advisor	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudbees-jenkins-advisor	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudbees-jenkins-advisor	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudbees-jenkins-advisor	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service-api	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service-api	tag_library	context
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service-api	tag_library	ssl
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service-api	tag_library	service
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service-api	tag_library	api
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/flaky-test-handler	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/flaky-test-handler	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/flaky-test-handler	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/flaky-test-handler	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/flaky-test-handler	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar	tag_library	sonar
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-minimal	tag_library	osgi
org.hudsonci.plugins/gerrit-trigger	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.syncope.common/syncope-common-lib	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope.common/syncope-common-lib	tag_library	library
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	tag_library	workflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	tag_library	loader
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	tag_library	remote
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/workflow-remote-loader	tag_library	jenkins
org.xwiki.platform/xwiki-platform-oldcore	tag_library	xwiki
org.xwiki.platform/xwiki-platform-oldcore	tag_library	platform
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	osgi
com.squareup.okhttp3/okhttp	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.squareup.okhttp3/okhttp	tag_library	http
com.squareup.okhttp3/okhttp	tag_library	client
com.squareup.okhttp3/okhttp	tag_library	network
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	dashboard
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dashboard-view	tag_library	view
org.wildfly/wildfly-iiop-openjdk	tag_library	wildfly
tomcat/tomcat4-coyote	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat4-coyote	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat4-coyote	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit-trail	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit-trail	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit-trail	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit-trail	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit-trail	tag_library	audit
net.minidev/json-smart-action	tag_library	bundle
net.minidev/json-smart-action	tag_library	json
net.minidev/json-smart-action	tag_library	action
net.minidev/json-smart-action	tag_library	osgi
net.liftweb/lift-json	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.liftweb/lift-json	tag_library	format
net.liftweb/lift-json	tag_library	json
net.liftweb/lift-json	tag_library	web-framework
net.liftweb/lift-json	tag_library	serialization
net.liftweb/lift-json	tag_library	scala
org.webjars.npm/editor.md	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/editor.md	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/editor.md	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/editor.md	tag_library	editor
org.webjars.npm/editor.md	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/editor.md	tag_library	resources
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-remote	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-remote	tag_library	spring
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-remote	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-remote	tag_library	remote
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	embedded
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	server
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	webserver
org.mortbay.jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	jetty
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-base	tag_library	bundle
ca.uhn.hapi.fhir/hapi-fhir-base	tag_library	osgi
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils	categorise_library	Reflection Libraries
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils	tag_library	commons
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils	tag_library	beans
commons-beanutils/commons-beanutils	tag_library	reflection
org.apache.camel/camel-netty	tag_library	network
org.apache.camel/camel-netty	tag_library	socket
org.apache.camel/camel-netty	tag_library	netty
org.apache.camel/camel-netty	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-netty	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mesos	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mesos	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mesos	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mesos	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mesos	tag_library	mesos
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-rest	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-rest	tag_library	server
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-rest	tag_library	rest
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-rest	tag_library	cache
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/angular-timeline	tag_library	timeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/tfs	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/tfs	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/tfs	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/tfs	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.xss.compat	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.xss.compat	tag_library	compatibility
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.xss.compat	tag_library	apache
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.xss.compat	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.camel/camel-mail	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-mail	tag_library	mail
org.apache.camel/camel-mail	tag_library	camel
org.kie/kie-drools-wb-distribution-wars	tag_library	rule-engine
org.kie/kie-drools-wb-distribution-wars	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.bower/patternfly	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/patternfly	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/patternfly	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/patternfly	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/dygraphs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/dygraphs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/dygraphs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/dygraphs	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/beaker-builder	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/beaker-builder	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/beaker-builder	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/beaker-builder	tag_library	builder
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/beaker-builder	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.camel/camel-xstream	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-xstream	tag_library	xml
org.apache.camel/camel-xstream	tag_library	camel
org.webjars.npm/dojox	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/dojox	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/dojox	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/dojox	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/dojox	tag_library	resources
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-rest-impl	tag_library	rest
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-rest-impl	tag_library	implementation
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-rest-impl	tag_library	jenkins
hudson.plugins.filesystem_scm/filesystem_scm	tag_library	plugin
hudson.plugins.filesystem_scm/filesystem_scm	tag_library	scm
hudson.plugins.filesystem_scm/filesystem_scm	tag_library	filesystem
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/teamconcert	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/teamconcert	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/teamconcert	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/teamconcert	tag_library	jenkins
org.jolokia/jolokia-osgi	tag_library	osgi
org.jolokia/jolokia-osgi	tag_library	bundle
org.webjars.bower/handlebars	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/handlebars	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/handlebars	tag_library	handlebars
org.webjars.bower/handlebars	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/handlebars	tag_library	resources
org.wildfly/wildfly-feature-pack	tag_library	wildfly
org.apache.mesos/mesos	categorise_library	Cluster Managment
org.apache.mesos/mesos	tag_library	managment
org.apache.mesos/mesos	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.mesos/mesos	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.mesos/mesos	tag_library	apache
org.apache.mesos/mesos	tag_library	mesos
org.craftercms/crafter-engine	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.craftercms/crafter-engine	tag_library	application
org.craftercms/crafter-engine	tag_library	war
org.craftercms/crafter-engine	tag_library	web
org.craftercms/crafter-engine	tag_library	webapp
org.craftercms/crafter-engine	tag_library	engine
org.webjars/AdminLTE	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/AdminLTE	tag_library	web
org.webjars/AdminLTE	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/AdminLTE	tag_library	resources
org.apache.juddi/juddi-client	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.juddi/juddi-client	tag_library	uddi
org.apache.juddi/juddi-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.juddi/juddi-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.juddi/juddi-client	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.main	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.main	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.main	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.main	tag_library	osgi
org.opensaml/xmltooling	tag_library	security
org.opensaml/xmltooling	tag_library	saml
com.liferay/com.liferay.journal.taglib	tag_library	liferay
com.liferay/com.liferay.journal.taglib	tag_library	library
com.liferay/com.liferay.journal.taglib	tag_library	taglib
tomcat/jasper	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/jasper	tag_library	server
tomcat/jasper	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/groovy	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/groovy	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/groovy	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/groovy	tag_library	groovy
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/groovy	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-standard-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-standard-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-standard-processors	tag_library	processor
org.webjars.bower/knockoutjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/knockoutjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/knockoutjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/knockoutjs	tag_library	resources
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager	tag_library	admin
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager	tag_library	batch
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager	tag_library	manager
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-admin-manager	tag_library	management
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/htmlpublisher	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/htmlpublisher	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/htmlpublisher	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/htmlpublisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.scala-lang/scala-compiler	categorise_library	Scala Compilers
org.scala-lang/scala-compiler	tag_library	compiler
org.scala-lang/scala-compiler	tag_library	scala
org.apache.archiva/archiva-database	tag_library	database
org.apache.archiva/archiva-database	tag_library	data
org.apache.archiva/archiva-database	tag_library	apache
org.eclipse.hono/hono-core	tag_library	eclipse
org.postgresql/pgjdbc-aggregate	tag_library	database
org.postgresql/pgjdbc-aggregate	tag_library	sql
org.postgresql/pgjdbc-aggregate	tag_library	jdbc
org.postgresql/pgjdbc-aggregate	tag_library	postgresql
poi/poi-2.0-final	tag_library	poi
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.11	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.11	tag_library	filtering
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	tag_library	aws
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	tag_library	amazon
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	tag_library	publisher
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-beanstalk-publisher-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/urltrigger	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/urltrigger	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/urltrigger	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/urltrigger	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-core	tag_library	flink
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-core	tag_library	metrics
org.rhq/drift-mongodb-serverplugin	tag_library	plugin
org.rhq/drift-mongodb-serverplugin	tag_library	database
org.rhq/drift-mongodb-serverplugin	tag_library	mongodb
org.eclipse.che.infrastructure/infrastructure-kubernetes	tag_library	kubernetes
org.eclipse.che.infrastructure/infrastructure-kubernetes	tag_library	eclipse
com.google.guava/guava	categorise_library	Core Utilities
com.google.guava/guava	tag_library	google
com.google.guava/guava	tag_library	guava
com.google.guava/guava	tag_library	osgi
com.google.guava/guava	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	categorise_library	PDF Libraries
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	format
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	document
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	office
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible-tower	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible-tower	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible-tower	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible-tower	tag_library	ansible
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible-tower	tag_library	jenkins
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-bom	categorise_library	Bill of materials
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-bom	tag_library	bom
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-bom	tag_library	build
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-bom	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.weld/weld-core-bom	tag_library	dependencies
com.drewnoakes/metadata-extractor	tag_library	data
com.drewnoakes/metadata-extractor	tag_library	extractor
com.drewnoakes/metadata-extractor	tag_library	metadata
org.apache.activemq/apache-activemq	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/apache-activemq	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/apache-activemq	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/apache-activemq	tag_library	activemq
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mask-passwords	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mask-passwords	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mask-passwords	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mask-passwords	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mask-passwords	tag_library	password
io.springfox/springfox-swagger-ui	tag_library	spring
io.springfox/springfox-swagger-ui	tag_library	openapi
io.springfox/springfox-swagger-ui	tag_library	ui
io.springfox/springfox-swagger-ui	tag_library	swagger
io.springfox/springfox-swagger-ui	tag_library	api
org.webjars.bower/i18next	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/i18next	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/i18next	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/i18next	tag_library	resources
org.springframework.security/spring-security-core	categorise_library	Security Frameworks
org.springframework.security/spring-security-core	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-core	tag_library	framework
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-jpa	tag_library	persistence
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-jpa	tag_library	model
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-jpa	tag_library	jpa
org.keycloak/keycloak-model-jpa	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-saml-core	tag_library	security
org.keycloak/keycloak-saml-core	tag_library	saml
org.keycloak/keycloak-saml-core	tag_library	keycloak
org.pac4j/pac4j-saml	tag_library	security
org.pac4j/pac4j-saml	tag_library	saml
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	data
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	commons
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons	tag_library	osgi
jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	webserver
jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	server
jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	jetty
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira	tag_library	jira
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira	tag_library	jenkins
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-gradle	tag_library	plugin
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-gradle	tag_library	build
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-gradle	tag_library	build-system
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-gradle	tag_library	gradle
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-gradle	tag_library	groovy
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rundeck	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rundeck	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rundeck	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rundeck	tag_library	jenkins
org.opensaml/opensaml	tag_library	security
org.opensaml/opensaml	tag_library	saml
org.webjars.npm/github-com-danvk-dygraphs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-danvk-dygraphs	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-danvk-dygraphs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-danvk-dygraphs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-danvk-dygraphs	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-danvk-dygraphs	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	socket
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	websocket
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/websocket-extensions	tag_library	extension
org.webjars/bootstrap	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.webjars/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
org.webjars/bootstrap	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/bootstrap	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/emberjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/emberjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/emberjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/emberjs	tag_library	resources
com.butor/portal	categorise_library	Web Applications
com.butor/portal	tag_library	application
com.butor/portal	tag_library	war
com.butor/portal	tag_library	portal
com.butor/portal	tag_library	web
com.butor/portal	tag_library	webapp
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-runtime	tag_library	rdf
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-runtime	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.rdf4j/rdf4j-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.bedework.caleng/bw-calendar-engine	tag_library	calendar
org.bedework.caleng/bw-calendar-engine	tag_library	engine
io.jenkins.plugins/neuvector-vulnerability-scanner	tag_library	plugin
io.jenkins.plugins/neuvector-vulnerability-scanner	tag_library	scanning
io.jenkins.plugins/neuvector-vulnerability-scanner	tag_library	jenkins
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.12	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.12	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.12	tag_library	filtering
org.fujion.webjars/jquery	tag_library	web
org.fujion.webjars/jquery	tag_library	jquery
org.apache.poi/poi	categorise_library	Excel Libraries
org.apache.poi/poi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.poi/poi	tag_library	poi
org.apache.poi/poi	tag_library	excel
org.apache.poi/poi	tag_library	spreadsheet
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common	tag_library	http
com.mabl.integration.jenkins/mabl-integration	tag_library	integration
com.mabl.integration.jenkins/mabl-integration	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weibo	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weibo	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weibo	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weibo	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	tag_library	notification
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/node-notifier	tag_library	node
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.generic.ui	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.generic.ui	tag_library	ui
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.generic.ui	tag_library	osgi
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-shell	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-shell	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-shell	tag_library	shell
org.apache.syncope.client/syncope-client-console	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope.client/syncope-client-console	tag_library	client
org.apache.syncope.client/syncope-client-console	tag_library	console
org.hudsonci.plugins/deploy	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/deploy	tag_library	deployment
org.webjars.npm/set-value	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/set-value	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/set-value	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/set-value	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/set-value	tag_library	resources
org.bouncycastle/bctsp-jdk14	tag_library	jdk
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	tag_library	repository
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	tag_library	connector
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/repository-connector	tag_library	connection
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	tag_library	communication
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	tag_library	dubbo
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	tag_library	apache
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	tag_library	remoting
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo	tag_library	rpc
org.codehaus.xfire/xfire-core	tag_library	webservice
org.codehaus.xfire/xfire-core	tag_library	codehaus
org.rundeck/rundeck	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.rundeck/rundeck	tag_library	webapp
org.rundeck/rundeck	tag_library	web
org.rundeck/rundeck	tag_library	application
org.rundeck/rundeck	tag_library	war
com.adobe.xmp/xmpcore	tag_library	bundle
com.adobe.xmp/xmpcore	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/debug	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/debug	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/debug	tag_library	debug
org.webjars.npm/debug	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/debug	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/debug	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/morgan	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/morgan	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/morgan	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/morgan	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/morgan	tag_library	resources
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ccm	tag_library	plugin
org.netbeans.external/xerces-2.8.0	tag_library	parser
org.netbeans.external/xerces-2.8.0	tag_library	ide
org.netbeans.external/xerces-2.8.0	tag_library	netbeans
org.beanshell/bsh	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	shell
org.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	jvm
org.beanshell/bsh	tag_library	language
com.itextpdf/itextpdf	categorise_library	PDF Libraries
com.itextpdf/itextpdf	tag_library	pdf
com.itextpdf/itextpdf	tag_library	format
com.itextpdf/itextpdf	tag_library	document
com.itextpdf/itextpdf	tag_library	office
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents	tag_library	azure
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents	tag_library	agent
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-vm-agents	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ircbot	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ircbot	tag_library	irc
org.apache.shiro/shiro-core	categorise_library	Security Frameworks
org.apache.shiro/shiro-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.shiro/shiro-core	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-core	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro/shiro-core	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.xtext/org.eclipse.xtext.maven.parent	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.xtext/org.eclipse.xtext.maven.parent	tag_library	build
org.eclipse.xtext/org.eclipse.xtext.maven.parent	tag_library	build-system
org.eclipse.xtext/org.eclipse.xtext.maven.parent	tag_library	maven
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ghprb	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ghprb	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ghprb	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ghprb	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.fastjson	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.fastjson	tag_library	json
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.fastjson	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.fastjson	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.fastjson	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	categorise_library	WebSocket Clients
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	tag_library	network
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	tag_library	channel
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	tag_library	socket
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	tag_library	messaging
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	tag_library	websocket
org.java-websocket/Java-WebSocket	tag_library	web
opensymphony/xwork	tag_library	web-framework
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-core	categorise_library	XMPP Integration Libraries
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-core	tag_library	xmpp
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-core	tag_library	protocol
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-core	tag_library	messaging
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cobertura	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cobertura	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cobertura	tag_library	code-coverage
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cobertura	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cobertura	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.syncope/syncope-core	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox	tag_library	jenkins
org.drools/drools-core	categorise_library	Rule Engines
org.drools/drools-core	tag_library	rule-engine
org.drools/drools-core	tag_library	rules
org.drools/drools-core	tag_library	decision
org.apache.archiva/archiva-rest-services	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.archiva/archiva-rest-services	tag_library	rest
org.apache.archiva/archiva-rest-services	tag_library	service
org.apache.archiva/archiva-rest-services	tag_library	apache
org.apache.archiva/archiva-rest-services	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-embedded	tag_library	embedded
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-embedded	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-embedded	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-embedded	tag_library	arquillian
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-utils	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-utils	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-utils	tag_library	apache
com.github.shyiko.ktlint/ktlint-core	tag_library	github
com.github.shyiko.ktlint/ktlint-core	tag_library	lint
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	elasticsearch
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	elastic
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch	tag_library	search
org.webjars.npm/minimist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/minimist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/minimist	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/minimist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/minimist	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/covcomplplot	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/covcomplplot	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/covcomplplot	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/covcomplplot	tag_library	jenkins
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16	tag_library	security
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16	tag_library	crypto
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16	tag_library	encryption
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16	tag_library	jdk
org.jasig.portal/uportal-war	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.jasig.portal/uportal-war	tag_library	application
org.jasig.portal/uportal-war	tag_library	war
org.jasig.portal/uportal-war	tag_library	portal
org.jasig.portal/uportal-war	tag_library	web
org.jasig.portal/uportal-war	tag_library	webapp
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-eclipse-cdt	tag_library	eclipse
org.apache.james.hupa/hupa-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.james.hupa/hupa-server	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james.hupa/hupa-server	tag_library	mail
net.corda/corda-serialization	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.flink/flink-core	categorise_library	Distributed Computing
org.apache.flink/flink-core	tag_library	computing
org.apache.flink/flink-core	tag_library	flink
org.apache.flink/flink-core	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.flink/flink-core	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.flink/flink-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.flink/flink-core	tag_library	parallel
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.11	tag_library	network
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.11	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-network-common_2.11	tag_library	apache
org.keycloak/keycloak-server-spi-private	tag_library	server
org.keycloak/keycloak-server-spi-private	tag_library	interface
org.keycloak/keycloak-server-spi-private	tag_library	keycloak
org.apache.solr/solr-dataimporthandler	tag_library	apache
org.apache.solr/solr-dataimporthandler	tag_library	solr
org.apache.solr/solr-dataimporthandler	tag_library	search
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-api	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-api	tag_library	framework
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-api	tag_library	api
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	tag_library	data
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/md-data-table	tag_library	table
xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	rpc
xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	xml
xmlrpc/xmlrpc-common	tag_library	xmlrpc
org.webjars.npm/prismjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/prismjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/prismjs	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/prismjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/prismjs	tag_library	resources
org.apache.karaf.kar/org.apache.karaf.kar.core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.kar/org.apache.karaf.kar.core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.kar/org.apache.karaf.kar.core	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.kar/org.apache.karaf.kar.core	tag_library	osgi
org.keycloak/keycloak-ldap-federation	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-ldap-federation	tag_library	ldap
org.keycloak/keycloak-ldap-federation	tag_library	federation
org.keycloak/keycloak-ldap-federation	tag_library	directory
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-all	tag_library	svg
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-all	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-all	tag_library	graphics
org.webjars.bower/dot-object	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/dot-object	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/dot-object	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/dot-object	tag_library	resources
org.apache.tiles/tiles-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tiles/tiles-api	tag_library	api
org.springframework.credhub/spring-credhub-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.credhub/spring-credhub-core	tag_library	framework
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	categorise_library	Language Runtime
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	tag_library	language
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	tag_library	library
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	tag_library	kotlin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	tag_library	jdk
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	tag_library	runtime
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk7	tag_library	jetbrains
org.webjars.bower/angular	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/angular	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/angular	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.bower/angular	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/angular	tag_library	resources
org.apache.camel/camel-jackson	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jackson	tag_library	jackson
org.apache.camel/camel-jackson	tag_library	camel
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomee/arquillian-tomee-common	tag_library	arquillian
ant/ant	categorise_library	Build Tools
ant/ant	tag_library	project
ant/ant	tag_library	process
ant/ant	tag_library	ant
ant/ant	tag_library	tools
ant/ant	tag_library	build
org.graniteds/granite-generator	tag_library	generator
org.webjars.npm/stringstream	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/stringstream	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/stringstream	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/stringstream	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/stringstream	tag_library	resources
org.apache.pdfbox/jempbox	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/jempbox	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/jempbox	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/jempbox	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.pulsar/pulsar-broker	tag_library	broker
org.apache.pulsar/pulsar-broker	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pulsar/pulsar-broker	tag_library	pulsar
org.webjars/angularjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/angularjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/angularjs	tag_library	angular
org.webjars/angularjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/angularjs	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/angularjs	tag_library	angularjs
org.webjars/angularjs	tag_library	javascript
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials-binding	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials-binding	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials-binding	tag_library	binding
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials-binding	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials-binding	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials-binding	tag_library	credentials
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saltstack	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saltstack	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saltstack	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/saltstack	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	tag_library	compatibility
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	tag_library	storage
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compatibility-action-storage	tag_library	action
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/generic-webhook-trigger	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/generic-webhook-trigger	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/generic-webhook-trigger	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/generic-webhook-trigger	tag_library	web
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/generic-webhook-trigger	tag_library	webhook
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/generic-webhook-trigger	tag_library	jenkins
org.zeroturnaround/zt-zip	categorise_library	Compression Libraries
org.zeroturnaround/zt-zip	tag_library	zip
org.zeroturnaround/zt-zip	tag_library	compression
org.zeroturnaround/zt-zip	tag_library	data
org.springframework/spring-messaging	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
org.springframework/spring-messaging	tag_library	queue
org.springframework/spring-messaging	tag_library	messaging
org.springframework/spring-messaging	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-messaging	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-messaging	tag_library	client
org.springframework/spring-messaging	tag_library	message
org.apache.camel/camel-bundle	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.camel/camel-bundle	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-bundle	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radargun	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radargun	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radargun	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/radargun	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/handlebars	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/handlebars	tag_library	web
org.webjars/handlebars	tag_library	handlebars
org.webjars/handlebars	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/handlebars	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/dojox	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/dojox	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/dojox	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/dojox	tag_library	resources
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	categorise_library	Netty Codecs
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	network
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	socket
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	netty
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	codec
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	io
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	http
io.netty/netty-codec-http2	tag_library	protocol
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	application
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	server
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	war
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	openid
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	web
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	webapp
org.mitre/openid-connect-server-webapp	tag_library	connection
org.springframework.data/spring-data-rest-webmvc	tag_library	rest
org.springframework.data/spring-data-rest-webmvc	tag_library	data
org.springframework.data/spring-data-rest-webmvc	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.data/spring-data-rest-webmvc	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.data/spring-data-rest-webmvc	tag_library	web
org.springframework.data/spring-data-rest-webmvc	tag_library	mvc
io.ktor/ktor-client-core	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
io.ktor/ktor-client-core	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor-client-core	tag_library	framework
io.ktor/ktor-client-core	tag_library	web
io.ktor/ktor-client-core	tag_library	client
io.ktor/ktor-client-core	tag_library	kotlin
io.netty/netty-all	categorise_library	Network App Frameworks
io.netty/netty-all	tag_library	network
io.netty/netty-all	tag_library	socket
io.netty/netty-all	tag_library	framework
io.netty/netty-all	tag_library	netty
io.netty/netty-all	tag_library	io
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
org.apache.camel/camel-jolt	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jolt	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db	tag_library	database
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/audit2db	tag_library	audit
org.keycloak/keycloak-adapter-core	tag_library	adapter
org.keycloak/keycloak-adapter-core	tag_library	keycloak
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	tag_library	google
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	tag_library	computing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-compute-engine	tag_library	engine
org.apache.nifi/nifi-mongodb-processors	tag_library	database
org.apache.nifi/nifi-mongodb-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-mongodb-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-mongodb-processors	tag_library	processor
org.apache.nifi/nifi-mongodb-processors	tag_library	mongodb
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro	tag_library	macro
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro	tag_library	token
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro	tag_library	jenkins
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	categorise_library	Actor Frameworks
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	tag_library	framework
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-actor_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/testlink	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/testlink	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/testlink	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/testlink	tag_library	jenkins
org.keycloak/keycloak-authz-client	tag_library	authorization
org.keycloak/keycloak-authz-client	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-authz-client	tag_library	client
org.webjars.npm/y18n	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/y18n	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/y18n	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/y18n	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/y18n	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/marked	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/marked	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/marked	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/marked	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/marked	tag_library	resources
org.springframework.ldap/spring-ldap-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.ldap/spring-ldap-core	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.ldap/spring-ldap-core	tag_library	ldap
org.springframework.ldap/spring-ldap-core	tag_library	directory
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-deployment-repository	tag_library	deployment
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-deployment-repository	tag_library	repository
org.wildfly.core/wildfly-deployment-repository	tag_library	wildfly
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	tag_library	queue
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	tag_library	apache
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	tag_library	client
org.apache.kafka/kafka-clients	tag_library	message
org.neo4j.procedure/apoc	tag_library	database
org.neo4j.procedure/apoc	tag_library	graph
org.neo4j.procedure/apoc	tag_library	neo4j
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-core	tag_library	broker
org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-core	tag_library	apache
com.programmingresearch/prqa-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.npm/tar	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/tar	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/tar	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/tar	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/tar	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/tar	tag_library	tar
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vault-scm-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vault-scm-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vault-scm-plugin	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vault-scm-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vault-scm-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vault-scm-plugin	tag_library	vault
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	tag_library	user
org.webjars.npm/npm-user-validate	tag_library	validation
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/dry	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.flex.blazeds/flex-messaging-core	tag_library	messaging
org.apache.flex.blazeds/flex-messaging-core	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext	tag_library	mail
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/email-ext	tag_library	jenkins
org.fusesource.hawtjni/hawtjni-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.webjars/AdminBSBMaterialDesign	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/AdminBSBMaterialDesign	tag_library	web
org.webjars/AdminBSBMaterialDesign	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/AdminBSBMaterialDesign	tag_library	resources
poi/poi-2.5-final	tag_library	poi
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	categorise_library	Natural Language Processing
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	nlp
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	parsing
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	text
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	processing
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	language
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	machine-learning
org.apache.uima/uimaj-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.james/james-server-data-file	tag_library	server
org.apache.james/james-server-data-file	tag_library	data
org.apache.james/james-server-data-file	tag_library	apache
org.apache.james/james-server-data-file	tag_library	mail
org.apache.james/james-server-data-file	tag_library	file
io.vertx/vertx-web-api-contract	tag_library	web
io.vertx/vertx-web-api-contract	tag_library	vertx
io.vertx/vertx-web-api-contract	tag_library	api
io.vertx/vertx-web-api-contract	tag_library	contract
com.atlassian.connect/atlassian-connect-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	atlassian
com.atlassian.connect/atlassian-connect-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	spring
com.atlassian.connect/atlassian-connect-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	connection
com.atlassian.connect/atlassian-connect-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	starter
org.apache.uima/uimaj-tools	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.uima/uimaj-tools	tag_library	tools
org.apache.uima/uimaj-tools	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/uimaj-tools	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-core	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-core	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.birt.runtime/viewservlets	tag_library	birt
org.eclipse.birt.runtime/viewservlets	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.birt.runtime/viewservlets	tag_library	runtime
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13	tag_library	play-framework
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	categorise_library	Language Runtime
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	tag_library	language
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	tag_library	library
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	tag_library	kotlin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	tag_library	jdk
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	tag_library	runtime
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-jdk8	tag_library	jetbrains
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk16	tag_library	jdk
org.eclipse.vorto/mapping-core	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.vorto/mapping-core	tag_library	mapping
com.alibaba/fastjson	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
com.alibaba/fastjson	tag_library	format
com.alibaba/fastjson	tag_library	json
com.alibaba/fastjson	tag_library	serialization
com.alibaba/fastjson	tag_library	alibaba
org.elasticsearch.plugin/x-pack-security	tag_library	plugin
org.elasticsearch.plugin/x-pack-security	tag_library	security
org.elasticsearch.plugin/x-pack-security	tag_library	elasticsearch
org.elasticsearch.plugin/x-pack-security	tag_library	elastic
org.elasticsearch.plugin/x-pack-security	tag_library	search
org.apache.nifi/nifi-jetty	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-jetty	tag_library	server
org.apache.nifi/nifi-jetty	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.nifi/nifi-jetty	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-jetty	tag_library	jetty
dom4j/dom4j	categorise_library	XML Processing
dom4j/dom4j	tag_library	dom
dom4j/dom4j	tag_library	xml
dom4j/dom4j	tag_library	processing
io.vertx/vertx-core	categorise_library	Concurrency Libraries
io.vertx/vertx-core	tag_library	vertx
io.vertx/vertx-core	tag_library	concurrency
io.vertx/vertx-core	tag_library	parallel
io.vertx/vertx-core	tag_library	multithreading
org.webjars.bower/mathjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/mathjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/mathjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/mathjs	tag_library	resources
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-starters	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-starters	tag_library	starter
org.apache.nifi/nifi-file-authorizer	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-file-authorizer	tag_library	authorization
org.apache.nifi/nifi-file-authorizer	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-file-authorizer	tag_library	file
org.webjars/tinymce	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/tinymce	tag_library	web
org.webjars/tinymce	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/tinymce	tag_library	resources
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.okhttp	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.okhttp	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.okhttp	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.okhttp	tag_library	http
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.okhttp	tag_library	osgi
org.jruby.jcodings/jcodings	tag_library	ruby
org.webjars/dojo	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/dojo	tag_library	web
org.webjars/dojo	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/dojo	tag_library	resources
com.github.binarywang/weixin-java-pay	tag_library	github
com.github.binarywang/weixin-java-pay	tag_library	payments
org.webjars.npm/backbone-validation	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/backbone-validation	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/backbone-validation	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/backbone-validation	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/backbone-validation	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/backbone-validation	tag_library	validation
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-server	tag_library	server
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-server	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-server	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-server	tag_library	gateway
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-server	tag_library	cloud
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-ws-security	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-broker	tag_library	queue
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-broker	tag_library	rocketmq
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-broker	tag_library	broker
org.apache.rocketmq/rocketmq-broker	tag_library	apache
org.richfaces.ui/richfaces-components-ui	tag_library	ui
org.richfaces.ui/richfaces-components-ui	tag_library	component
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	communication
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	queue
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	broker
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	apache
org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10	tag_library	message
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack	categorise_library	XMPP Integration Libraries
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack	tag_library	xmpp
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack	tag_library	protocol
org.igniterealtime.smack/smack	tag_library	messaging
io.spray/spray-json_2.12	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.12	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.12	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.12	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.12	tag_library	serialization
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-login	tag_library	identity
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-login	tag_library	login
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsts-cd	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsts-cd	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsts-cd	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsts-cd	tag_library	jenkins
org.onosproject/onos-app-cpman	tag_library	bundle
org.onosproject/onos-app-cpman	tag_library	osgi
org.springframework/spring-webflow	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-webflow	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-webflow	tag_library	webflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	tag_library	network
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	tag_library	ssh
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	tag_library	agent
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-agent	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.kylin/kylin	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/artemis-server	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/artemis-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.activemq/artemis-server	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/artemis-server	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/artemis-server	tag_library	apache
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-core	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-core	tag_library	server
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-core	tag_library	cache
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-web	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.blueocean/blueocean-web	tag_library	web
org.springframework/org.springframework.web	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/org.springframework.web	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/org.springframework.web	tag_library	web
org.apache.camel/camel-http-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-http-common	tag_library	http
org.apache.camel/camel-http-common	tag_library	camel
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload-samples	categorise_library	Web Applications
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload-samples	tag_library	application
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload-samples	tag_library	war
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload-samples	tag_library	google
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload-samples	tag_library	web
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload-samples	tag_library	webapp
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	categorise_library	Code Generators
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	tag_library	generator
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	tag_library	codegen
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	tag_library	openapi
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	tag_library	code
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	tag_library	swagger
io.swagger/swagger-codegen	tag_library	api
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-core-util-api	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-core-util-api	tag_library	api
org.glassfish/jakarta.faces	tag_library	jakarta
org.glassfish/jakarta.faces	tag_library	glassfish
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13	tag_library	web
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13	tag_library	framework
edu.vt.middleware/vt-ldap	tag_library	ldap
edu.vt.middleware/vt-ldap	tag_library	directory
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dbCharts	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dbCharts	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dbCharts	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dbCharts	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	categorise_library	Object Serialization
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	format
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	binary
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	data
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	object
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	apache
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	thrift
org.apache.thrift/libthrift	tag_library	protocol
ru.yandex.jenkins.plugins.debuilder/debian-package-builder	tag_library	plugin
ru.yandex.jenkins.plugins.debuilder/debian-package-builder	tag_library	build
ru.yandex.jenkins.plugins.debuilder/debian-package-builder	tag_library	builder
ru.yandex.jenkins.plugins.debuilder/debian-package-builder	tag_library	jenkins
com.epam.reportportal/service-api	tag_library	service
com.epam.reportportal/service-api	tag_library	api
org.springframework/org.springframework.core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/org.springframework.core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	application
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	admin
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	war
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	portal
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	web
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot	categorise_library	Application Servers
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot	tag_library	application
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot	tag_library	server
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot	tag_library	appserver
org.apache.velocity/velocity	categorise_library	Template Engines
org.apache.velocity/velocity	tag_library	apache
org.apache.velocity/velocity	tag_library	velocity
org.apache.velocity/velocity	tag_library	template
org.apache.velocity/velocity	tag_library	engine
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/minio-storage	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/minio-storage	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/minio-storage	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/minio-storage	tag_library	minio
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/minio-storage	tag_library	storage
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/minio-storage	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-master	tag_library	accumulo
org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-master	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-xml	tag_library	binding
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-xml	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-xml	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-xml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-xml	tag_library	xml
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-bindings-xml	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bower/simple-uploader	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/simple-uploader	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/simple-uploader	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/simple-uploader	tag_library	upload
org.webjars.bower/simple-uploader	tag_library	resources
org.apache.activemq/activemq-osgi	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-osgi	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.activemq/activemq-osgi	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-osgi	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-osgi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-osgi	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/validating-string-parameter	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/validating-string-parameter	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/validating-string-parameter	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/validating-string-parameter	tag_library	string
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/validating-string-parameter	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/validating-string-parameter	tag_library	parameters
tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	tomcat
org.webjars/tinymce-jquery	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/tinymce-jquery	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/tinymce-jquery	tag_library	web
org.webjars/tinymce-jquery	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/tinymce-jquery	tag_library	jquery
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mercurial	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mercurial	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mercurial	tag_library	scm
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mercurial	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mercurial	tag_library	jenkins
xerces/xercesImpl	categorise_library	XML Processing
xerces/xercesImpl	tag_library	parser
xerces/xercesImpl	tag_library	xml
xerces/xercesImpl	tag_library	processing
org.apache.nifi/nifi-authorizer	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-authorizer	tag_library	authorization
org.apache.nifi/nifi-authorizer	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/rdfstore	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/rdfstore	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/rdfstore	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/rdfstore	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/rdfstore	tag_library	resources
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ranger-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ranger-plugin	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ranger-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.springframework/spring-websocket	tag_library	socket
org.springframework/spring-websocket	tag_library	websocket
org.springframework/spring-websocket	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-websocket	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-websocket	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	embedded
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	socket
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	websocket
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-websocket	tag_library	tomcat
hudson.plugins.octopusdeploy/octopusdeploy	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	tag_library	authentication
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/auth0-js	tag_library	javascript
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/bootstrap	tag_library	resources
com.inkysea.vmware.vra/vmware-vrealize-automation-plugin	tag_library	plugin
com.inkysea.vmware.vra/vmware-vrealize-automation-plugin	tag_library	automation
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	communication
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	broker
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker	tag_library	message
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/distfork	tag_library	plugin
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-simple-mfa	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-simple-mfa	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-simple-mfa	tag_library	mfa
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-core	categorise_library	Enterprise Integration
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-core	tag_library	integration
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-core	tag_library	enterprise
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-core	tag_library	framework
org.openid4java/openid4java	categorise_library	OpenID Libraries
org.openid4java/openid4java	tag_library	openid
org.openid4java/openid4java	tag_library	authentication
org.openid4java/openid4java	tag_library	authorization
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compact-columns	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compact-columns	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compact-columns	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/compact-columns	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/growl	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/growl	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/growl	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/growl	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/growl	tag_library	resources
org.slf4j/slf4j-ext	categorise_library	Logging Frameworks
org.slf4j/slf4j-ext	tag_library	logging
org.slf4j/slf4j-ext	tag_library	slf4j
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/badge	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/badge	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/badge	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/badge	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.ws.security/wss4j	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.ws.security/wss4j	tag_library	security
org.apache.ws.security/wss4j	tag_library	apache
org.apache.ws.security/wss4j	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-post-script	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-post-script	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-post-script	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-post-script	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/global-post-script	tag_library	scripting
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	network
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	client
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http_2.11	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dynatrace-dashboard	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dynatrace-dashboard	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dynatrace-dashboard	tag_library	dashboard
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dynatrace-dashboard	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dynatrace-dashboard	tag_library	jenkins
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-core	tag_library	bundle
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-core	tag_library	osgi
com.googlecode.gwtupload/gwtupload	tag_library	google
org.webjars/yui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/yui	tag_library	web
org.webjars/yui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/yui	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/eggplant-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/eggplant-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/eggplant-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/eggplant-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jasig.portal/uportal-impl	tag_library	portal
org.jasig.portal/uportal-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sounds	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sounds	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sounds	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sounds	tag_library	sound
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sounds	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mozilla-nunjucks	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mozilla-nunjucks	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mozilla-nunjucks	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mozilla-nunjucks	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mozilla-nunjucks	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-mozilla-nunjucks	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bumblebee	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bumblebee	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bumblebee	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bumblebee	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-slaves	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	network
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	ssh
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ssh-slaves	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/ckeditor	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/ckeditor	tag_library	web
org.webjars/ckeditor	tag_library	editor
org.webjars/ckeditor	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/ckeditor	tag_library	resources
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-runtime	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-runtime	tag_library	server
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-runtime	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan/infinispan-server-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.apache.camel/camel-management	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-management	tag_library	management
org.apache.camel/camel-management	tag_library	camel
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/artifactory	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/artifactory	tag_library	artifactory
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rapiddeploy-jenkins	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rapiddeploy-jenkins	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rapiddeploy-jenkins	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rapiddeploy-jenkins	tag_library	jenkins
io.swagger/swagger-parser	tag_library	api
io.swagger/swagger-parser	tag_library	openapi
io.swagger/swagger-parser	tag_library	swagger
io.swagger/swagger-parser	tag_library	parser
org.jasig.cas/cas-client-core	tag_library	client
egor-n/fabric-beta-publisher	tag_library	publisher
org.apache.oozie/oozie-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-bootstrap	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-bootstrap	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	tag_library	database
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	tag_library	stats
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	tag_library	couchdb
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/couchdb-statistics	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/node-sass	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/node-sass	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/node-sass	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/node-sass	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/node-sass	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/node-sass	tag_library	node
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	categorise_library	Web Applications
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	application
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	war
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	web
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	webapp
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	terminal
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	karaf
io.hawt/hawtio-karaf-terminal	tag_library	osgi
org.grails.plugins/fields	tag_library	plugin
org.grails.plugins/fields	tag_library	groovy
org.grails.plugins/fields	tag_library	grails
org.webjars.npm/mongoose	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mongoose	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mongoose	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mongoose	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mongoose	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	tag_library	aws
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	tag_library	s3
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	tag_library	storage
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/s3	tag_library	jenkins
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all	tag_library	jetty
org.webjars.npm/decompress	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/decompress	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/decompress	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/decompress	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/decompress	tag_library	resources
tomcat/tomcat-http	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat-http	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat-http	tag_library	tomcat
tomcat/tomcat-http	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/codefresh	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/codefresh	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/codefresh	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/codefresh	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-kernel	tag_library	kernel
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-kernel	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-kernel	tag_library	framework
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-kernel	tag_library	apache
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-kernel	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan	tag_library	scanning
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-lib	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-lib	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-lib	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-lib	tag_library	library
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-lib	tag_library	openjpa
org.webjars.npm/mathjax	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mathjax	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mathjax	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mathjax	tag_library	math
org.webjars.npm/mathjax	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mathjax	tag_library	resources
org.apache.myfaces.shared/myfaces-shared-core	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.shared/myfaces-shared-core	tag_library	apache
com.hotels.styx/styx-api	tag_library	api
org.webjars.bower/jsrsasign	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/jsrsasign	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/jsrsasign	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/jsrsasign	tag_library	resources
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/analysis-core	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/analysis-core	tag_library	analysis
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui	tag_library	jquery
org.igniterealtime.openfire.plugins/clientControl	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.nifi/nifi-security	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.nifi/nifi-security	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	security
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	config
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.tomee/openejb-core	tag_library	ejb
org.apache.tomee/openejb-core	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.tomee/openejb-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomee/openejb-core	tag_library	openejb
com.typesafe.play/play_2.12	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.typesafe.play/play_2.12	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play_2.12	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play_2.12	tag_library	web
com.typesafe.play/play_2.12	tag_library	framework
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/support-core	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/support-core	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/support-core	tag_library	support
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/support-core	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/support-core	tag_library	jenkins
com.xebialabs.xlt.ci/xltestview-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	tag_library	scripting
org.webjars.npm/serialize-javascript	tag_library	javascript
org.lz4/lz4-java	categorise_library	Compression Libraries
org.lz4/lz4-java	tag_library	compression
org.lz4/lz4-java	tag_library	data
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	tag_library	database
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	tag_library	influxdb
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/influxdb	tag_library	metrics
com.squareup/connect	tag_library	connection
org.apache.druid/druid	tag_library	apache
org.apache.druid/druid	tag_library	druid
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	categorise_library	Web Servers
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	embedded
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core	tag_library	http
org.w3c.css/css-validator	categorise_library	CSS, LESS, SASS
org.w3c.css/css-validator	tag_library	design
org.w3c.css/css-validator	tag_library	css
org.w3c.css/css-validator	tag_library	styles
org.w3c.css/css-validator	tag_library	web
org.w3c.css/css-validator	tag_library	validation
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	authentication
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-oauth2	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/delphix	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/delphix	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/delphix	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/delphix	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core	tag_library	mapreduce
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core	tag_library	client
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core	tag_library	parallel
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-parent	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-parent	tag_library	apache
com.browserup/browserup-proxy	tag_library	proxy
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M5	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M5	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M5	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M5	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M5	tag_library	serialization
org.springframework/org.springframework.oxm	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/org.springframework.oxm	tag_library	framework
org.webjars.npm/sshpk	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/sshpk	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/sshpk	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/sshpk	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/sshpk	tag_library	resources
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	tag_library	communication
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	tag_library	remote
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	tag_library	distributed
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	tag_library	remoting
org.jboss.remoting/jboss-remoting	tag_library	rpc
org.webjars.bower/pagerjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/pagerjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/pagerjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/pagerjs	tag_library	resources
org.mapfish.print/print-lib	tag_library	library
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-extension-providers	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-extension-providers	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-extension-providers	tag_library	provider
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-extension-providers	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-extension-providers	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-extension-providers	tag_library	extension
org.webjars.npm/github-com-chatwoot-chatwoot	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-chatwoot-chatwoot	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-chatwoot-chatwoot	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-chatwoot-chatwoot	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-chatwoot-chatwoot	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-chatwoot-chatwoot	tag_library	resources
org.bedework/bw-webdav	tag_library	webdav
org.bedework/bw-webdav	tag_library	web
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-core-project	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-core-project	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/wildfly-deployer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/wildfly-deployer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/wildfly-deployer	tag_library	deployment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/wildfly-deployer	tag_library	wildfly
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/wildfly-deployer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/wildfly-deployer	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger	tag_library	remote
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sidebar-link	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sidebar-link	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sidebar-link	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sidebar-link	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sidebar-link	tag_library	sidebar
org.webjars.bower/js-data	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/js-data	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/js-data	tag_library	data
org.webjars.bower/js-data	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/js-data	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/js-data	tag_library	javascript
org.webjars/jquery-ui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/jquery-ui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/jquery-ui	tag_library	web
org.webjars/jquery-ui	tag_library	ui
org.webjars/jquery-ui	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/jquery-ui	tag_library	jquery
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.antisamy	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.antisamy	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.antisamy	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.antisamy	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-transcoder	tag_library	svg
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-transcoder	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlgraphics/batik-transcoder	tag_library	graphics
org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-compute	categorise_library	Cloud Computing
org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-compute	tag_library	computing
org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-compute	tag_library	cloud
org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-compute	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/lodash-es	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/lodash-es	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/lodash-es	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/lodash-es	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/lodash-es	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oic-auth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oic-auth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oic-auth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oic-auth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oic-auth	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.plugins/warnings-ng	tag_library	plugin
io.jenkins.plugins/warnings-ng	tag_library	jenkins
io.jenkins.plugins/aws-global-configuration	tag_library	plugin
io.jenkins.plugins/aws-global-configuration	tag_library	aws
io.jenkins.plugins/aws-global-configuration	tag_library	amazon
io.jenkins.plugins/aws-global-configuration	tag_library	config
io.jenkins.plugins/aws-global-configuration	tag_library	jenkins
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	queue
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	messaging
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	amqp
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	client
org.springframework.amqp/spring-rabbit	tag_library	message
org.apache.camel/camel-endpointdsl	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-endpointdsl	tag_library	dsl
org.apache.camel/camel-endpointdsl	tag_library	camel
org.springframework.ws/spring-ws-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.ws/spring-ws-core	tag_library	framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-javatemplates-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.struts/struts2-javatemplates-plugin	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-javatemplates-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.security/spring-security-config	categorise_library	Configuration Libraries
org.springframework.security/spring-security-config	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-config	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-config	tag_library	config
org.springframework.security/spring-security-config	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-config	tag_library	properties
org.springframework/spring	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring	tag_library	framework
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.9.2	tag_library	twitter
com.twitter/twitter-server_2.9.2	tag_library	server
com.vaadin/vaadin	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.vaadin/vaadin	tag_library	web-framework
com.vaadin/vaadin	tag_library	vaadin
com.vaadin/vaadin	tag_library	web
com.vaadin/vaadin	tag_library	framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-struts1-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.struts/struts2-struts1-plugin	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-struts1-plugin	tag_library	apache
org.apache.poi/poi-scratchpad	tag_library	poi
org.apache.poi/poi-scratchpad	tag_library	apache
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-common	tag_library	alibaba
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/harvest	tag_library	plugin
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	picker
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	jquery
org.webjars.npm/jquery-timepicker	tag_library	time
postgresql/postgresql	categorise_library	JDBC Drivers
postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	database
postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	sql
postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	jdbc
postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	postgresql
postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	driver
postgresql/postgresql	tag_library	rdbms
org.apache.commons/commons-email	categorise_library	Mail Clients
org.apache.commons/commons-email	tag_library	apache
org.apache.commons/commons-email	tag_library	mail
org.apache.commons/commons-email	tag_library	client
org.apache.commons/commons-email	tag_library	commons
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-rest	tag_library	server
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-rest	tag_library	rest
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-rest	tag_library	controller
org.apache.tiles/tiles-jsp	categorise_library	JSP Tag Libraries
org.apache.tiles/tiles-jsp	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tiles/tiles-jsp	tag_library	jsp
org.apache.tiles/tiles-jsp	tag_library	taglib
org.webjars.bower/editor.md	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/editor.md	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/editor.md	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/editor.md	tag_library	editor
org.webjars.bower/editor.md	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/mustachejs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/mustachejs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/mustachejs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/mustachejs	tag_library	resources
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14	tag_library	jdk
org.webjars.bower/lazysizes	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/lazysizes	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/lazysizes	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/lazysizes	tag_library	resources
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor.ui	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor.ui	tag_library	framework
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor.ui	tag_library	ui
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor.ui	tag_library	identity
org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor.ui	tag_library	osgi
de.e-nexus/jabber-server-plugin	tag_library	plugin
de.e-nexus/jabber-server-plugin	tag_library	server
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-config	tag_library	config
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-config	tag_library	alibaba
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-acs	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-acs	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-acs	tag_library	azure
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-acs	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-acs	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.syncope.ext.oidcclient/syncope-ext-oidcclient-persistence-jpa	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.syncope.ext.oidcclient/syncope-ext-oidcclient-persistence-jpa	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.syncope.ext.oidcclient/syncope-ext-oidcclient-persistence-jpa	tag_library	oidc
org.apache.syncope.ext.oidcclient/syncope-ext-oidcclient-persistence-jpa	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	event
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	notification
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	azure
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	grid
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	application
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	war
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	web
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-web-console	tag_library	console
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-client	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-client	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-client	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-client	tag_library	client
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm-client	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.spark/spark-launcher_2.10	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-launcher_2.10	tag_library	apache
org.apache.spark/spark-launcher_2.10	tag_library	launcher
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.12	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.12	tag_library	play-framework
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-reviewbot	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-reviewbot	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-reviewbot	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-reviewbot	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf.services.sts/cxf-services-sts-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.services.sts/cxf-services-sts-core	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.services.sts/cxf-services-sts-core	tag_library	service
org.apache.cxf.services.sts/cxf-services-sts-core	tag_library	sts
org.apache.cxf.services.sts/cxf-services-sts-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.services.sts/cxf-services-sts-core	tag_library	osgi
org.owasp.antisamy/antisamy	tag_library	owasp
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix	tag_library	netflix
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix	tag_library	cloud
org.webjars/simditor	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/simditor	tag_library	web
org.webjars/simditor	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/simditor	tag_library	resources
org.apache.karaf.jaas/org.apache.karaf.jaas.modules	tag_library	module
org.apache.karaf.jaas/org.apache.karaf.jaas.modules	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.karaf.jaas/org.apache.karaf.jaas.modules	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf.jaas/org.apache.karaf.jaas.modules	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf.jaas/org.apache.karaf.jaas.modules	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/pathval	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/pathval	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/pathval	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/pathval	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/pathval	tag_library	resources
com.github.penggle/kaptcha	tag_library	github
com.nimbusds/nimbus-jose-jwt	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
com.nimbusds/nimbus-jose-jwt	tag_library	security
com.nimbusds/nimbus-jose-jwt	tag_library	crypto
com.nimbusds/nimbus-jose-jwt	tag_library	jwt
com.nimbusds/nimbus-jose-jwt	tag_library	encryption
org.apache.calcite/calcite-core	tag_library	apache
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elastest	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elastest	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elastest	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/elastest	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/mout	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mout	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mout	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mout	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mout	tag_library	resources
org.dashbuilder/dashbuilder-dataset-sql	tag_library	sql
org.dashbuilder/dashbuilder-dataset-sql	tag_library	data
org.dashbuilder/dashbuilder-dataset-sql	tag_library	builder
org.dashbuilder/dashbuilder-dataset-sql	tag_library	dataset
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sametime	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sametime	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sametime	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sametime	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bower/tinymce-dist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/tinymce-dist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/tinymce-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.bower/tinymce-dist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/tinymce-dist	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/chownr	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/chownr	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/chownr	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/chownr	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/chownr	tag_library	resources
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.13	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.13	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/filters-helpers_2.13	tag_library	filtering
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	jdk
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	osgi
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	stats
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/global-build-stats	tag_library	build
org.apache.camel/camel-jslt	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jslt	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/appdynamics-dashboard	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/appdynamics-dashboard	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/appdynamics-dashboard	tag_library	dashboard
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/appdynamics-dashboard	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/appdynamics-dashboard	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/assign-deep	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/assign-deep	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/assign-deep	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/assign-deep	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/assign-deep	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	tag_library	url
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	tag_library	regexp
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/url-regex	tag_library	resources
org.jboss.mod_cluster/mod_cluster	tag_library	cluster
org.jboss.mod_cluster/mod_cluster	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.drill.exec/drill-java-exec	tag_library	apache
org.apache.drill.exec/drill-java-exec	tag_library	exec
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/checkstyle	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/checkstyle	tag_library	style
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/checkstyle	tag_library	analysis
org.apache.camel/camel-velocity	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-velocity	tag_library	velocity
org.apache.camel/camel-velocity	tag_library	camel
io.netty/netty-handler	tag_library	network
io.netty/netty-handler	tag_library	netty
io.netty/netty-handler	tag_library	socket
io.netty/netty-handler	tag_library	io
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	categorise_library	Web Servers
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina	tag_library	http
com.amazonaws/aws-codebuild	tag_library	aws
com.amazonaws/aws-codebuild	tag_library	amazon
com.amazonaws/aws-codebuild	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar-gerrit	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar-gerrit	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar-gerrit	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar-gerrit	tag_library	sonar
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar-gerrit	tag_library	jenkins
com.hazelcast/hazelcast-all	tag_library	hazelcast
org.webjars.npm/node-macaddress	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/node-macaddress	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/node-macaddress	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/node-macaddress	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/node-macaddress	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/node-macaddress	tag_library	node
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-launcher	tag_library	apache
org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-launcher	tag_library	launcher
org.springframework/spring-beans	categorise_library	Dependency Injection
org.springframework/spring-beans	tag_library	beans
org.springframework/spring-beans	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-beans	tag_library	dependency-injection
org.springframework/spring-beans	tag_library	ioc
org.springframework/spring-beans	tag_library	framework
de.tudarmstadt.ukp.dkpro.core/de.tudarmstadt.ukp.dkpro.core.api.datasets-asl	tag_library	dataset
de.tudarmstadt.ukp.dkpro.core/de.tudarmstadt.ukp.dkpro.core.api.datasets-asl	tag_library	api
com.alibaba/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	dubbo
com.alibaba/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	alibaba
com.alibaba/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	http
com.alibaba/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	rpc
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/warnings	tag_library	plugin
org.codehaus.woodstox/woodstox-core-lgpl	tag_library	codehaus
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/neoload-jenkins-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/neoload-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/neoload-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/neoload-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.generic	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.generic	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader	tag_library	upload
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/diawi-upload	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/diawi-upload	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/diawi-upload	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/diawi-upload	tag_library	upload
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/diawi-upload	tag_library	jenkins
org.jboss.xnio/xnio-nio	tag_library	nio
org.jboss.xnio/xnio-nio	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.xnio/xnio-nio	tag_library	io
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	hibernate
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	validation
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/bl	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/bl	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/bl	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/bl	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/bl	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/collabnet	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/collabnet	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/collabnet	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/collabnet	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.axis/axis	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-xmljson	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-xmljson	tag_library	camel
org.webjars.npm/thrift	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	serialization
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	thrift
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/thrift	tag_library	protocol
org.apache.activemq/artemis-jms-client	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/artemis-jms-client	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/artemis-jms-client	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/artemis-jms-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/artemis-jms-client	tag_library	client
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailer	tag_library	mail
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailer	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-client	tag_library	registry
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-client	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi.registry/nifi-registry-client	tag_library	client
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on	tag_library	security
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on	tag_library	crypto
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on	tag_library	encryption
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.thymeleaf/thymeleaf-spring3	tag_library	spring
org.thymeleaf/thymeleaf-spring3	tag_library	thymeleaf
org.webjars.npm/js-data	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/js-data	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/js-data	tag_library	data
org.webjars.npm/js-data	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/js-data	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/js-data	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/js-data	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.camel/apache-camel	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/apache-camel	tag_library	camel
org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string	tag_library	string
org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.faan11/app-localstorage-tidy-string	tag_library	storage
com.liferay/com.liferay.captcha.taglib	tag_library	captcha
com.liferay/com.liferay.captcha.taglib	tag_library	authentication
com.liferay/com.liferay.captcha.taglib	tag_library	liferay
com.liferay/com.liferay.captcha.taglib	tag_library	library
com.liferay/com.liferay.captcha.taglib	tag_library	taglib
com.itextpdf/kernel	tag_library	pdf
com.itextpdf/kernel	tag_library	kernel
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all-server	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all-server	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.ignite/ignite-indexing	tag_library	apache
org.apache.ignite/ignite-indexing	tag_library	index
org.exist-db/exist	tag_library	database
org.apache.myfaces.shared/myfaces-shared-impl	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.shared/myfaces-shared-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.myfaces.shared/myfaces-shared-impl	tag_library	apache
org.webjars/jshamcrest	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/jshamcrest	tag_library	web
org.webjars/jshamcrest	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/jshamcrest	tag_library	resources
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsphere-cloud	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsphere-cloud	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsphere-cloud	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsphere-cloud	tag_library	cloud
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsphere-cloud	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/superagent	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/superagent	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/superagent	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/superagent	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/superagent	tag_library	resources
com.linecorp.armeria/armeria	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
com.linecorp.armeria/armeria	tag_library	distributed
com.linecorp.armeria/armeria	tag_library	communication
com.linecorp.armeria/armeria	tag_library	remoting
com.linecorp.armeria/armeria	tag_library	rpc
io.netty/netty	categorise_library	Network App Frameworks
io.netty/netty	tag_library	network
io.netty/netty	tag_library	bundle
io.netty/netty	tag_library	socket
io.netty/netty	tag_library	framework
io.netty/netty	tag_library	netty
io.netty/netty	tag_library	io
io.netty/netty	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2	tag_library	spring
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.qpid/proton-project	tag_library	apache
xalan/xalan	categorise_library	XML Processing
xalan/xalan	tag_library	xml
xalan/xalan	tag_library	processing
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	security
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	crypto
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	encryption
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.apache.camel/camel-mvel	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-mvel	tag_library	camel
org.webjars/dojo-src	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/dojo-src	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/dojo-src	tag_library	web
org.webjars/dojo-src	tag_library	resources
org.apache.unomi/unomi-services	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.unomi/unomi-services	tag_library	service
org.apache.unomi/unomi-services	tag_library	apache
org.apache.unomi/unomi-services	tag_library	osgi
ognl/ognl	categorise_library	Expression Languages
ognl/ognl	tag_library	expression
ognl/ognl	tag_library	language
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	github
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/github-com-tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	bootstrap
com.floragunn/search-guard-6	tag_library	search
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on	tag_library	debug
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.12	categorise_library	JWT Libraries
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.12	tag_library	security
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.12	tag_library	json
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.12	tag_library	authentication
com.jason-goodwin/authentikat-jwt_2.12	tag_library	jwt
org.neo4j/neo4j-security-enterprise	tag_library	database
org.neo4j/neo4j-security-enterprise	tag_library	security
org.neo4j/neo4j-security-enterprise	tag_library	graph
org.neo4j/neo4j-security-enterprise	tag_library	neo4j
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M3	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M3	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M3	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M3	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-M3	tag_library	serialization
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.m2release/m2release	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.m2release/m2release	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.m2release/m2release	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.m2release/m2release	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.spark/spark-launcher_2.11	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-launcher_2.11	tag_library	apache
org.apache.spark/spark-launcher_2.11	tag_library	launcher
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-bundle	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-bundle	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-bundle	tag_library	apache
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-bundle	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.junit	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.junit	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.junit	tag_library	junit
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.junit	tag_library	testing
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.junit	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.junit	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/lodash	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/lodash	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/lodash	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/lodash	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/lodash	tag_library	resources
org.bouncycastle/bcmail-jdk14	tag_library	jdk
org.uberfire/uberfire-security-server	tag_library	server
org.uberfire/uberfire-security-server	tag_library	security
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-server	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-server	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.camel/camel-core-xml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-core-xml	tag_library	xml
org.apache.camel/camel-core-xml	tag_library	camel
com.cronutils/cron-utils	categorise_library	CRON Parser
com.cronutils/cron-utils	tag_library	scheduling
com.cronutils/cron-utils	tag_library	parser
com.cronutils/cron-utils	tag_library	cron
com.cronutils/cron-utils	tag_library	expression
com.cronutils/cron-utils	tag_library	time
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client	tag_library	network
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client	tag_library	client
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client	tag_library	asynchronous
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/StashBranchParameter	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/StashBranchParameter	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/StashBranchParameter	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/StashBranchParameter	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/mathjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/mathjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/mathjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/mathjs	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/cli	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/cli	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/cli	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/cli	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/cli	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/cli	tag_library	command-line
org.grails/grails-resources	tag_library	grails
org.grails/grails-resources	tag_library	groovy
org.grails/grails-resources	tag_library	resource
org.webjars.npm/nodemailer	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/nodemailer	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/nodemailer	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/nodemailer	tag_library	mail
org.webjars.npm/nodemailer	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/nodemailer	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	tag_library	date
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/date-and-time	tag_library	time
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-client	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-site-to-site-client	tag_library	client
org.restlet.jse/org.restlet	tag_library	rest
org.restlet.jse/org.restlet	tag_library	restlet
org.vivoweb/vitro-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	apache
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	rpc
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	xml
org.apache.xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	xmlrpc
xstream/xstream	categorise_library	XML Processing
xstream/xstream	tag_library	xml
xstream/xstream	tag_library	processing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	jira
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	management
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	jenkins
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M4	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M4	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M4	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M4	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M4	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.syncope.ext.elasticsearch/syncope-ext-elasticsearch-persistence-jpa	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.syncope.ext.elasticsearch/syncope-ext-elasticsearch-persistence-jpa	tag_library	elasticsearch
org.apache.syncope.ext.elasticsearch/syncope-ext-elasticsearch-persistence-jpa	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.syncope.ext.elasticsearch/syncope-ext-elasticsearch-persistence-jpa	tag_library	elastic
org.apache.syncope.ext.elasticsearch/syncope-ext-elasticsearch-persistence-jpa	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope.ext.elasticsearch/syncope-ext-elasticsearch-persistence-jpa	tag_library	search
org.webjars.npm/tinymce	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/tinymce	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/tinymce	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/tinymce	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/tinymce	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/dot-prop	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/dot-prop	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/dot-prop	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/dot-prop	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/dot-prop	tag_library	resources
com.openshift.jenkins/openshift-pipeline	tag_library	openshift
com.openshift.jenkins/openshift-pipeline	tag_library	pipeline
com.openshift.jenkins/openshift-pipeline	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bowergithub.snapappointments/bootstrap-select	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.snapappointments/bootstrap-select	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.snapappointments/bootstrap-select	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.snapappointments/bootstrap-select	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.snapappointments/bootstrap-select	tag_library	bootstrap
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.xml	tag_library	integration
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.xml	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.xml	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.integration/org.springframework.integration.xml	tag_library	xml
org.apache.qpid/qpid-common	tag_library	apache
org.springframework/org.springframework.web.servlet	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/org.springframework.web.servlet	tag_library	servlet
org.springframework/org.springframework.web.servlet	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/org.springframework.web.servlet	tag_library	web
xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	rpc
xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	xml
xmlrpc/xmlrpc	tag_library	xmlrpc
com.liferay/com.liferay.gogo.shell.web	tag_library	shell
com.liferay/com.liferay.gogo.shell.web	tag_library	web
com.liferay/com.liferay.gogo.shell.web	tag_library	liferay
com.innoventsolutions.birt.runtime/org.apache.xerces_2.9.0.v201101211617	tag_library	birt
com.innoventsolutions.birt.runtime/org.apache.xerces_2.9.0.v201101211617	tag_library	parser
com.innoventsolutions.birt.runtime/org.apache.xerces_2.9.0.v201101211617	tag_library	apache
com.innoventsolutions.birt.runtime/org.apache.xerces_2.9.0.v201101211617	tag_library	runtime
org.bouncycastle/bctls-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	tag_library	jms
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	tag_library	queue
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	tag_library	messaging
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jms-messaging	tag_library	jenkins
io.pivotal.spring.cloud/spring-cloud-sso-connector	tag_library	sso
io.pivotal.spring.cloud/spring-cloud-sso-connector	tag_library	spring
io.pivotal.spring.cloud/spring-cloud-sso-connector	tag_library	cloud
io.pivotal.spring.cloud/spring-cloud-sso-connector	tag_library	connector
io.pivotal.spring.cloud/spring-cloud-sso-connector	tag_library	connection
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	application
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	war
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	rest
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	web
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase	tag_library	apache
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-oauth2-client-web	tag_library	system
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-oauth2-client-web	tag_library	web
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-oauth2-client-web	tag_library	authentication
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-oauth2-client-web	tag_library	client
org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-oauth2-client-web	tag_library	oauth
org.webjars/jquery	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/jquery	tag_library	web
org.webjars/jquery	tag_library	jquery
org.webjars/jquery	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/jquery	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-approve	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-approve	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-approve	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-approve	tag_library	bitbucket
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-approve	tag_library	jenkins
mysql/mysql-connector-java	categorise_library	JDBC Drivers
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	database
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	sql
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	jdbc
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	driver
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	connector
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	rdbms
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	mysql
mysql/mysql-connector-java	tag_library	connection
org.jboss.seam/jboss-seam	tag_library	ejb
org.jboss.seam/jboss-seam	tag_library	jboss
org.webjars.npm/handlebars	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/handlebars	tag_library	handlebars
org.webjars.npm/handlebars	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/handlebars	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/handlebars	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/handlebars	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/browser-sync	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/browser-sync	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/browser-sync	tag_library	browser
org.webjars/browser-sync	tag_library	web
org.webjars/browser-sync	tag_library	synchronization
org.webjars/browser-sync	tag_library	resources
org.apache.myfaces.commons/myfaces-commons	tag_library	apache
org.apache.myfaces.commons/myfaces-commons	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.commons/myfaces-commons	tag_library	commons
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.opensaml	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.opensaml	tag_library	security
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.opensaml	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.opensaml	tag_library	saml
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.opensaml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.opensaml	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.milo/sdk-client	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.milo/sdk-client	tag_library	sdk
org.eclipse.milo/sdk-client	tag_library	client
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-parent	tag_library	eclipse
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/periodicbackup	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/periodicbackup	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/periodicbackup	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/periodicbackup	tag_library	jenkins
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.12	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.12	tag_library	network
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.12	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.12	tag_library	client
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.12	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play-ws_2.12	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pangolin-testrail-connector	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pangolin-testrail-connector	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pangolin-testrail-connector	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pangolin-testrail-connector	tag_library	connector
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pangolin-testrail-connector	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pangolin-testrail-connector	tag_library	connection
org.webjars.npm/getobject	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/getobject	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/getobject	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/getobject	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/getobject	tag_library	resources
struts/struts	tag_library	web-framework
org.webjars.bowergithub.tempusdominus/bootstrap-4	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.tempusdominus/bootstrap-4	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.tempusdominus/bootstrap-4	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.tempusdominus/bootstrap-4	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.tempusdominus/bootstrap-4	tag_library	bootstrap
org.apache.solr/solr-solrj	categorise_library	Search Engines
org.apache.solr/solr-solrj	tag_library	database
org.apache.solr/solr-solrj	tag_library	apache
org.apache.solr/solr-solrj	tag_library	engine
org.apache.solr/solr-solrj	tag_library	solr
org.apache.solr/solr-solrj	tag_library	search
com.xuxueli/xxl-job-core	categorise_library	Job Scheduling
com.xuxueli/xxl-job-core	tag_library	scheduling
com.xuxueli/xxl-job-core	tag_library	job
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/swarm	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zulip	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zulip	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zulip	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zulip	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ha	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ha	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ha	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/catalina-ha	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zos-connector	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zos-connector	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zos-connector	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zos-connector	tag_library	connector
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zos-connector	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zos-connector	tag_library	connection
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nomad	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nomad	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nomad	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nomad	tag_library	jenkins
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	categorise_library	Object Serialization
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	format
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	binary
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	json
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	data
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	object
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	serialization
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	cbor
com.fasterxml.jackson.dataformat/jackson-dataformat-cbor	tag_library	jackson
org.jboss.as/jboss-as-web	tag_library	web
org.jboss.as/jboss-as-web	tag_library	jboss
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	socket
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	websocket
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	web
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat7-websocket	tag_library	tomcat
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15	categorise_library	Encryption Libraries
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	security
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	crypto
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	encryption
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	jdk
org.apache.camel/camel-ahc	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-ahc	tag_library	camel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gcm-notification	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gcm-notification	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gcm-notification	tag_library	notification
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gcm-notification	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gcm-notification	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-ad	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-ad	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-ad	tag_library	azure
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-ad	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-ad	tag_library	jenkins
org.mitre/openid-connect-common	categorise_library	OpenID Libraries
org.mitre/openid-connect-common	tag_library	authorization
org.mitre/openid-connect-common	tag_library	openid
org.mitre/openid-connect-common	tag_library	authentication
org.mitre/openid-connect-common	tag_library	connection
jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	webserver
jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	server
jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	jetty
jetty/jetty-embedded	tag_library	embedded
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crittercism-dsym	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crittercism-dsym	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crittercism-dsym	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crittercism-dsym	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins.findbugs/parent	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins.findbugs/parent	tag_library	analysis
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins.findbugs/parent	tag_library	findbugs
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-core	tag_library	alibaba
org.apache.ranger/unixauthservice	tag_library	apache
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-coreui-plugin	categorise_library	Nexus Plugins
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-coreui-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-coreui-plugin	tag_library	bundle
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-coreui-plugin	tag_library	nexus
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-coreui-plugin	tag_library	osgi
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/release	tag_library	plugin
org.springframework.data/spring-data-jpa	tag_library	persistence
org.springframework.data/spring-data-jpa	tag_library	data
org.springframework.data/spring-data-jpa	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.data/spring-data-jpa	tag_library	jpa
org.springframework.data/spring-data-jpa	tag_library	framework
com.sun.jersey/jersey-core	tag_library	webservice
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/puppet-enterprise-pipeline	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/puppet-enterprise-pipeline	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/puppet-enterprise-pipeline	tag_library	workflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/puppet-enterprise-pipeline	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/puppet-enterprise-pipeline	tag_library	pipeline
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/puppet-enterprise-pipeline	tag_library	jenkins
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.batch/spring-batch-infrastructure	tag_library	batch
org.apache.wicket/wicket-request	tag_library	request
org.apache.wicket/wicket-request	tag_library	apache
org.apache.wicket/wicket-request	tag_library	wicket
com.hazelcast/hazelcast-spring	tag_library	hazelcast
com.hazelcast/hazelcast-spring	tag_library	spring
javagh.jenkins/mashup-portlets-plugin	tag_library	plugin
javagh.jenkins/mashup-portlets-plugin	tag_library	portlet
javagh.jenkins/mashup-portlets-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/json-pointer	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/json-pointer	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/json-pointer	tag_library	json
org.webjars.npm/json-pointer	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/json-pointer	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/json-pointer	tag_library	resources
org.apache.camel/camel-groovy	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-groovy	tag_library	groovy
org.apache.camel/camel-groovy	tag_library	camel
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-naming	tag_library	alibaba
com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-naming	tag_library	naming
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-dom	tag_library	security
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-dom	tag_library	dom
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-dom	tag_library	apache
it.infuse.jenkins/usemango-runner	tag_library	runner
it.infuse.jenkins/usemango-runner	tag_library	jenkins
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-netty	tag_library	micronaut
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-netty	tag_library	network
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-netty	tag_library	socket
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-netty	tag_library	netty
io.micronaut/micronaut-http-netty	tag_library	http
com.tupilabs.image_gallery/image-gallery	tag_library	image
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client	tag_library	osgi
org.wildfly/wildfly-undertow	tag_library	wildfly
org.wildfly/wildfly-undertow	tag_library	undertow
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M5	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	web
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M5	tag_library	framework
org.jooby/jooby	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.jooby/jooby	tag_library	web
org.jooby/jooby	tag_library	framework
net.minidev/json-smart-mini	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.minidev/json-smart-mini	tag_library	format
net.minidev/json-smart-mini	tag_library	json
net.minidev/json-smart-mini	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.nifi/nifi-splunk-processors	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-splunk-processors	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-splunk-processors	tag_library	processor
org.apache.nifi/nifi-splunk-processors	tag_library	splunk
org.dom4j/dom4j	categorise_library	XML Processing
org.dom4j/dom4j	tag_library	dom
org.dom4j/dom4j	tag_library	xml
org.dom4j/dom4j	tag_library	processing
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M2	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M2	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M2	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M2	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M2	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper	categorise_library	Distributed Coordination
org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper	tag_library	coordination
org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper	tag_library	apache
org.apache.zookeeper/zookeeper	tag_library	zookeeper
org.springframework/spring-context	categorise_library	Dependency Injection
org.springframework/spring-context	tag_library	context
org.springframework/spring-context	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-context	tag_library	dependency-injection
org.springframework/spring-context	tag_library	ioc
org.springframework/spring-context	tag_library	framework
io.provis/provisio-jenkins-runtime	tag_library	jenkins
io.provis/provisio-jenkins-runtime	tag_library	runtime
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service	tag_library	context
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service	tag_library	ssl
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service	tag_library	service
org.apache.nifi/nifi-ssl-context-service	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/node-forge	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/node-forge	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/node-forge	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/node-forge	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/node-forge	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/node-forge	tag_library	node
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security	tag_library	web
org.apache.nifi/nifi-web-security	tag_library	apache
com.mintegral.msdk/alphab	categorise_library	Android Packages
com.mintegral.msdk/alphab	tag_library	sdk
com.mintegral.msdk/alphab	tag_library	aar
com.mintegral.msdk/alphab	tag_library	mobile
com.mintegral.msdk/alphab	tag_library	android
org.infinispan/infinispan-compatibility-mode-it	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-compatibility-mode-it	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan/infinispan-compatibility-mode-it	tag_library	compatibility
org.grails/grails-plugin-controllers	tag_library	plugin
org.grails/grails-plugin-controllers	tag_library	groovy
org.grails/grails-plugin-controllers	tag_library	controller
org.grails/grails-plugin-controllers	tag_library	grails
org.apache.qpid/proton-j	tag_library	apache
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.1	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.1	tag_library	format
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.1	tag_library	json
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.1	tag_library	web-framework
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.1	tag_library	serialization
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.8.1	tag_library	scala
org.jruby/jruby-complete	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.jruby/jruby-complete	tag_library	jvm
org.jruby/jruby-complete	tag_library	bundle
org.jruby/jruby-complete	tag_library	language
org.jruby/jruby-complete	tag_library	ruby
org.jruby/jruby-complete	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojo	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojo	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojo	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.dojo/dojo	tag_library	resources
org.odata4j/odata4j-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.odata4j/odata4j-dist	tag_library	data
org.wildfly/wildfly-ejb3	tag_library	wildfly
org.wildfly/wildfly-ejb3	tag_library	ejb
org.jenkinsci.plugins/emailext-template	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkinsci.plugins/emailext-template	tag_library	template
org.webjars.bower/tinymce	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/tinymce	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/tinymce	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/tinymce	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	tag_library	parser
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	tag_library	csv
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/csv-parse	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib	tag_library	workflow
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib	tag_library	library
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib	tag_library	jenkins
org.opencastproject/opencast-userdirectory	tag_library	bundle
org.opencastproject/opencast-userdirectory	tag_library	opencast
org.opencastproject/opencast-userdirectory	tag_library	directory
org.opencastproject/opencast-userdirectory	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bower/globalize	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/globalize	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/globalize	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/globalize	tag_library	resources
org.cassandraunit/cassandra-unit	categorise_library	Cassandra Testing Tools
org.cassandraunit/cassandra-unit	tag_library	database
org.cassandraunit/cassandra-unit	tag_library	cassandra
org.cassandraunit/cassandra-unit	tag_library	testing
org.webjars/datatables	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/datatables	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/datatables	tag_library	data
org.webjars/datatables	tag_library	web
org.webjars/datatables	tag_library	resources
org.webjars/datatables	tag_library	table
com.datapipe.jenkins.plugins/hashicorp-vault-plugin	tag_library	plugin
com.datapipe.jenkins.plugins/hashicorp-vault-plugin	tag_library	hashicorp
com.datapipe.jenkins.plugins/hashicorp-vault-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
com.datapipe.jenkins.plugins/hashicorp-vault-plugin	tag_library	vault
net.sourceforge.htmlcleaner/htmlcleaner	categorise_library	HTML Parsers
net.sourceforge.htmlcleaner/htmlcleaner	tag_library	bundle
net.sourceforge.htmlcleaner/htmlcleaner	tag_library	parser
net.sourceforge.htmlcleaner/htmlcleaner	tag_library	dom
net.sourceforge.htmlcleaner/htmlcleaner	tag_library	html
net.sourceforge.htmlcleaner/htmlcleaner	tag_library	osgi
cprice404/pipeline-classpath	tag_library	classpath
cprice404/pipeline-classpath	tag_library	pipeline
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.auth.core	tag_library	authentication
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.auth.core	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/mquery	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mquery	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mquery	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mquery	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mquery	tag_library	resources
org.bedework.caleng/bw-calendar-engine-impl	tag_library	calendar
org.bedework.caleng/bw-calendar-engine-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.bedework.caleng/bw-calendar-engine-impl	tag_library	engine
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gearman-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gearman-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gearman-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gearman-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-kms	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-kms	tag_library	apache
org.apache.ant/ant	categorise_library	Build Tools
org.apache.ant/ant	tag_library	project
org.apache.ant/ant	tag_library	process
org.apache.ant/ant	tag_library	ant
org.apache.ant/ant	tag_library	tools
org.apache.ant/ant	tag_library	build
org.apache.ant/ant	tag_library	apache
org.restlet.jee/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	rest
org.restlet.jee/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	xml
org.restlet.jee/org.restlet.ext.xml	tag_library	restlet
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-integration-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-integration-core	tag_library	integration
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-integration-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-integration-core	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-integration-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-integration-core	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	openapi
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	swagger
org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui	tag_library	api
org.webjars/gifsicle	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/gifsicle	tag_library	web
org.webjars/gifsicle	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/gifsicle	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/bower	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/bower	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/bower	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/bower	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/bower	tag_library	resources
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	authentication
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	client
org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-client	tag_library	oauth
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xerces	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xerces	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xerces	tag_library	parser
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xerces	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xerces	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	dubbo
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	apache
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	http
org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-http	tag_library	rpc
org.apache.tika/tika-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.tika/tika-core	tag_library	tika
org.apache.tika/tika-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tika/tika-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	application
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	war
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	oidc
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	web
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-ioc	tag_library	web-framework
org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-ioc	tag_library	apache
io.netty/netty-codec-http	categorise_library	Netty Codecs
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	network
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	socket
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	netty
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	codec
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	io
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	http
io.netty/netty-codec-http	tag_library	protocol
org.exist-db/exist-core	tag_library	database
org.webjars/lodash	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/lodash	tag_library	web
org.webjars/lodash	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/lodash	tag_library	resources
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.quartz	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.quartz	tag_library	scheduling
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.quartz	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.quartz	tag_library	quartz
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.quartz	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.quartz	tag_library	osgi
com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-core	categorise_library	Distributed Communication
com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-core	tag_library	communication
com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-core	tag_library	distributed
com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-core	tag_library	remoting
com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-core	tag_library	rpc
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-dmf-api	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-dmf-api	tag_library	api
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-dmf-api	tag_library	starter
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-login	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-login	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-login	tag_library	google
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-login	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-login	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-login	tag_library	login
org.webjars.npm/elliptic	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/elliptic	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/elliptic	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/elliptic	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/elliptic	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/simple-travis-runner	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/simple-travis-runner	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/simple-travis-runner	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/simple-travis-runner	tag_library	runner
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/simple-travis-runner	tag_library	jenkins
com.igormaznitsa/mind-map-swing-panel	tag_library	panel
com.igormaznitsa/mind-map-swing-panel	tag_library	swing
com.igormaznitsa/mind-map-swing-panel	tag_library	ui
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	categorise_library	OAuth Libraries
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	tag_library	authorization
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	tag_library	authentication
org.springframework.security.oauth/spring-security-oauth2	tag_library	oauth
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database	tag_library	database
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database	tag_library	data
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/database	tag_library	jenkins
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	categorise_library	Maven Plugins
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	tag_library	build-system
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	tag_library	maven
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	tag_library	kotlin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-maven-plugin	tag_library	jetbrains
org.apache.tomee/openejb-client	tag_library	ejb
org.apache.tomee/openejb-client	tag_library	tomee
org.apache.tomee/openejb-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomee/openejb-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.tomee/openejb-client	tag_library	openejb
org.http4s/http4s-core_2.12	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
org.http4s/http4s-core_2.12	tag_library	http
org.http4s/http4s-core_2.12	tag_library	client
org.http4s/http4s-core_2.12	tag_library	network
org.springframework.data/spring-data-commons	tag_library	data
org.springframework.data/spring-data-commons	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.data/spring-data-commons	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.data/spring-data-commons	tag_library	commons
poi/poi	tag_library	poi
org.hibernate/hibernate-validator	categorise_library	Validation Libraries
org.hibernate/hibernate-validator	tag_library	hibernate
org.hibernate/hibernate-validator	tag_library	persistence
org.hibernate/hibernate-validator	tag_library	validation
commons-jelly/commons-jelly	tag_library	commons
commons-jelly/commons-jelly	tag_library	scripting
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.13	tag_library	http
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.13	tag_library	server
org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-scriptbuilder	tag_library	cloud
org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-scriptbuilder	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-app	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-app	tag_library	pdf
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-app	tag_library	apache
org.apache.pdfbox/pdfbox-app	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.qpid/proton-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.qpid/proton-api	tag_library	api
org.webjars.bower/mediaelement	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/mediaelement	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/mediaelement	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/mediaelement	tag_library	resources
org.apache.continuum/continuum-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.continuum/continuum-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.wss4j/wss4j	tag_library	apache
org.apache.calcite/calcite-splunk	tag_library	apache
org.apache.calcite/calcite-splunk	tag_library	splunk
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui	tag_library	bundle
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui	tag_library	google
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui	tag_library	ui
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui	tag_library	jquery
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui	tag_library	wicket
com.googlecode.wicket-jquery-ui/wicket-jquery-ui	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	categorise_library	Load Testing
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	tag_library	load
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	tag_library	testing
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	tag_library	jmeter
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	tag_library	metrics
org.apache.jmeter/ApacheJMeter_core	tag_library	performance
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote	tag_library	tomcat
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/speaks	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.main/maven-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.main/maven-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.main/maven-plugin	tag_library	build-system
org.jenkins-ci.main/maven-plugin	tag_library	maven
org.jenkins-ci.main/maven-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.hudsonci.plugins/mercurial	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/mercurial	tag_library	scm
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	categorise_library	Mocking
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	tag_library	quality
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	tag_library	github
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	tag_library	mock
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	tag_library	mocking
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	tag_library	wiremock
com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock	tag_library	testing
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-reflect	categorise_library	Reflection Libraries
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-reflect	tag_library	reflection
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-reflect	tag_library	kotlin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-reflect	tag_library	jetbrains
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.guava	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.guava	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.guava	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.guava	tag_library	guava
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.guava	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	categorise_library	JDBC Drivers
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	database
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	sql
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	jdbc
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	driver
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	hive
org.apache.hive/hive-jdbc	tag_library	rdbms
org.jboss.resteasy/tjws	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/tjws	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/tjws	tag_library	jboss
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cucumber-living-documentation	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cucumber-living-documentation	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cucumber-living-documentation	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cucumber-living-documentation	tag_library	doc
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cucumber-living-documentation	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cucumber-living-documentation	tag_library	cucumber
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-server	tag_library	server
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-server	tag_library	sonar
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.12	tag_library	http
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.12	tag_library	server
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	categorise_library	HBase Clients
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	tag_library	database
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	tag_library	databse
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	tag_library	client
org.apache.hbase/hbase-client	tag_library	hbase
org.apache.nifi/nifi-api	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-api	tag_library	api
org.jsoup/jsoup	categorise_library	HTML Parsers
org.jsoup/jsoup	tag_library	jsoup
org.jsoup/jsoup	tag_library	html
org.jsoup/jsoup	tag_library	parser
org.jsoup/jsoup	tag_library	dom
org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap	tag_library	bootstrap
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core	tag_library	http
org.webjars/marked	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/marked	tag_library	web
org.webjars/marked	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/marked	tag_library	resources
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	categorise_library	Stream Processing
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	tag_library	processing
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	tag_library	apache
org.apache.storm/storm-kafka	tag_library	stream
taglibs/standard	categorise_library	JSP Tag Libraries
taglibs/standard	tag_library	jsp
taglibs/standard	tag_library	taglibs
taglibs/standard	tag_library	taglib
taglibs/standard	tag_library	library
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.13	tag_library	actor
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.13	tag_library	akka
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.13	tag_library	distributed
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.13	tag_library	concurrency
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.13	tag_library	session
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.13	tag_library	http
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-embedded	tag_library	embedded
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-embedded	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-embedded	tag_library	spring
org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-embedded	tag_library	cache
org.onosproject/onos-core-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gogs-webhook	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gogs-webhook	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gogs-webhook	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gogs-webhook	tag_library	web
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gogs-webhook	tag_library	webhook
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gogs-webhook	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/embeddable-build-status	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/embeddable-build-status	tag_library	embedded
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/embeddable-build-status	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/embeddable-build-status	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/embeddable-build-status	tag_library	jenkins
org.eclipse.milo/sdk-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.milo/sdk-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.milo/sdk-server	tag_library	sdk
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager	tag_library	server
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager	tag_library	yarn
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager	tag_library	apache
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC2	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC2	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC2	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC2	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.12.0-RC2	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.sparkjava-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.sparkjava-core	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.sparkjava-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.sparkjava-core	tag_library	osgi
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-plugin-api	tag_library	plugin
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-plugin-api	tag_library	sonar
org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-plugin-api	tag_library	api
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gatling	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gatling	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gatling	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gatling	tag_library	gatling
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gatling	tag_library	jenkins
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-core	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-core	tag_library	gateway
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-gateway-core	tag_library	cloud
org.eclipse.paho/org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3	categorise_library	Eclipse Plugins
org.eclipse.paho/org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3	tag_library	plugin
org.eclipse.paho/org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.paho/org.eclipse.paho.client.mqttv3	tag_library	client
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12	tag_library	actor
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12	tag_library	akka
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12	tag_library	distributed
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12	tag_library	concurrency
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.akka/akka-http-core_2.12	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	testing
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	jira
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	management
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.kafka/kafka-tools	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/kafka-tools	tag_library	tools
org.apache.kafka/kafka-tools	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/kafka-tools	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	tag_library	react
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	tag_library	dom
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/react-dom	tag_library	resources
net.sf.robocode/robocode.api	tag_library	api
org.webjars.bower/thrift	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/thrift	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/thrift	tag_library	serialization
org.webjars.bower/thrift	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/thrift	tag_library	thrift
org.webjars.bower/thrift	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/thrift	tag_library	protocol
org.keycloak/keycloak-common	tag_library	keycloak
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-auth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-auth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-auth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-auth	tag_library	matrix
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-auth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/matrix-auth	tag_library	jenkins
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ci-game	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ci-game	tag_library	gaming
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-security	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-security	tag_library	framework
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-security	tag_library	apache
org.apache.geronimo.framework/geronimo-security	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lookup-services	tag_library	lookup
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lookup-services	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lookup-services	tag_library	service
org.apache.nifi/nifi-lookup-services	tag_library	apache
org.keycloak/keycloak-broker-saml	tag_library	security
org.keycloak/keycloak-broker-saml	tag_library	saml
org.keycloak/keycloak-broker-saml	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-broker-saml	tag_library	broker
org.apache.log4j/com.springsource.org.apache.log4j	tag_library	logging
org.apache.log4j/com.springsource.org.apache.log4j	tag_library	log4j
org.apache.log4j/com.springsource.org.apache.log4j	tag_library	spring
org.apache.log4j/com.springsource.org.apache.log4j	tag_library	apache
com.mchange/c3p0	categorise_library	JDBC Pools
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	database
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	sql
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	jdbc
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	pooling
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	pool
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	c3p0
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	connection
com.mchange/c3p0	tag_library	datasource
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-all	tag_library	persistence
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-all	tag_library	jpa
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-all	tag_library	apache
org.apache.openjpa/openjpa-all	tag_library	openjpa
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oauth-core-api	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oauth-core-api	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oauth-core-api	tag_library	authentication
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oauth-core-api	tag_library	api
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oauth-core-api	tag_library	oauth
io.fabric8.pipeline/kubernetes-pipeline-arquillian-steps	tag_library	kubernetes
io.fabric8.pipeline/kubernetes-pipeline-arquillian-steps	tag_library	pipeline
io.fabric8.pipeline/kubernetes-pipeline-arquillian-steps	tag_library	arquillian
com.sonyericsson.hudson.plugins.gerrit/gerrit-trigger	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nerrvana-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nerrvana-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nerrvana-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/nerrvana-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.dojotoolkit/dojo-war	categorise_library	Web Applications
org.dojotoolkit/dojo-war	tag_library	application
org.dojotoolkit/dojo-war	tag_library	war
org.dojotoolkit/dojo-war	tag_library	web
org.dojotoolkit/dojo-war	tag_library	webapp
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	server
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dependency-check-jenkins-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dependency-check-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dependency-check-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dependency-check-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dependency-check-jenkins-plugin	tag_library	dependencies
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mongodb	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mongodb	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mongodb	tag_library	database
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mongodb	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mongodb	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mongodb	tag_library	mongodb
org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-client	tag_library	designer
org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-client	tag_library	bpm
org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-client	tag_library	client
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/favorite	tag_library	plugin
org.codehaus.plexus/plexus-archiver	tag_library	codehaus
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudfoundry	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudfoundry	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudfoundry	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudfoundry	tag_library	jenkins
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-yum-repository-plugin	categorise_library	Nexus Plugins
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-yum-repository-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-yum-repository-plugin	tag_library	bundle
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-yum-repository-plugin	tag_library	repository
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-yum-repository-plugin	tag_library	nexus
org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-yum-repository-plugin	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.bower/dompurify	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/dompurify	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/dompurify	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/dompurify	tag_library	resources
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/android-lint	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/android-lint	tag_library	lint
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/android-lint	tag_library	android
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty9	tag_library	server
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty9	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty9	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty9	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.camel/camel-jetty9	tag_library	camel
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	plugin
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	logging
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/log-parser	tag_library	parser
org.eclipse.milo/stack-server	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.milo/stack-server	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.milo/stack-server	tag_library	stack
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.milo/stack-client	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.milo/stack-client	tag_library	client
org.eclipse.milo/stack-client	tag_library	stack
org.apache.archiva/archiva-web-common	tag_library	web
org.apache.archiva/archiva-web-common	tag_library	apache
org.jruby/jruby	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.jruby/jruby	tag_library	ruby
org.jruby/jruby	tag_library	jvm
org.jruby/jruby	tag_library	language
org.richfaces.framework/richfaces-impl	tag_library	framework
org.richfaces.framework/richfaces-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.solr/solr-cell	tag_library	apache
org.apache.solr/solr-cell	tag_library	solr
org.apache.solr/solr-cell	tag_library	search
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jackson2-provider	tag_library	provider
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jackson2-provider	tag_library	rest
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jackson2-provider	tag_library	resteasy
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jackson2-provider	tag_library	jboss
org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jackson2-provider	tag_library	jackson
com.inflectra.spiratest.plugins/inflectra-spira-integration	tag_library	plugin
com.inflectra.spiratest.plugins/inflectra-spira-integration	tag_library	integration
org.onosproject/onos-providers-netconf-alarm	tag_library	network
org.onosproject/onos-providers-netconf-alarm	tag_library	provider
org.onosproject/onos-providers-netconf-alarm	tag_library	config
org.graylog/graylog-parent	tag_library	logging
org.graylog/graylog-parent	tag_library	graylog
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl	tag_library	format
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl	tag_library	json
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl	tag_library	serialization
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl	tag_library	jackson
org.codehaus.jackson/jackson-core-asl	tag_library	codehaus
org.webjars.bowergithub.thomaspark/bootswatch	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.thomaspark/bootswatch	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bowergithub.thomaspark/bootswatch	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bowergithub.thomaspark/bootswatch	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin	tag_library	proxy
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/reverse-proxy-auth-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/angular	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/angular	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/angular	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/angular	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/angular	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/angular	tag_library	resources
com.couchbase.client/core-io	tag_library	database
com.couchbase.client/core-io	tag_library	bundle
com.couchbase.client/core-io	tag_library	client
com.couchbase.client/core-io	tag_library	io
com.couchbase.client/core-io	tag_library	couchbase
com.couchbase.client/core-io	tag_library	osgi
org.cometd.java/cometd-java-oort	tag_library	cometd
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	tag_library	scm
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	tag_library	git
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info	tag_library	resources
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	categorise_library	Distributed File Systems
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	filesystem
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	storage
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs	tag_library	hdfs
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	categorise_library	Eclipse Plugins
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	browser
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	eclipse
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.directory.studio/org.apache.directory.studio.ldapbrowser.core	tag_library	directory
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.c3p0	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.c3p0	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.c3p0	tag_library	pooling
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.c3p0	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.c3p0	tag_library	c3p0
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.c3p0	tag_library	osgi
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-zip	tag_library	zip
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-zip	tag_library	integration
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-zip	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.integration/spring-integration-zip	tag_library	framework
com.github.blynkkk/blynk-server	tag_library	github
com.github.blynkkk/blynk-server	tag_library	server
org.webjars/prismjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/prismjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/prismjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/prismjs	tag_library	resources
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	categorise_library	Code Analyzers
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	tag_library	quality
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	tag_library	analyzer
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	tag_library	style
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	tag_library	tools
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	tag_library	code
com.puppycrawl.tools/checkstyle	tag_library	analysis
com.sun.xml.ws/webservices-rt	tag_library	service
com.sun.xml.ws/webservices-rt	tag_library	web
com.sun.xml.ws/webservices-rt	tag_library	xml
com.sun.xml.ws/webservices-rt	tag_library	webservice
commons-collections/commons-collections	categorise_library	Collections
commons-collections/commons-collections	tag_library	commons
commons-collections/commons-collections	tag_library	collections
commons-collections/commons-collections	tag_library	structures
commons-collections/commons-collections	tag_library	data
geronimo/geronimo-tomcat	tag_library	webserver
geronimo/geronimo-tomcat	tag_library	server
geronimo/geronimo-tomcat	tag_library	tomcat
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	tag_library	aws
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	tag_library	amazon
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-credentials	tag_library	credentials
org.apache.druid/druid-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.druid/druid-server	tag_library	apache
org.apache.druid/druid-server	tag_library	druid
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	rest
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	webservice
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	jaxrs
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle-jaxrs	tag_library	osgi
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/maven-artifact-choicelistprovider	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/maven-artifact-choicelistprovider	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/maven-artifact-choicelistprovider	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/maven-artifact-choicelistprovider	tag_library	build-system
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/maven-artifact-choicelistprovider	tag_library	maven
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/maven-artifact-choicelistprovider	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/cryptiles	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/cryptiles	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/cryptiles	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/cryptiles	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/cryptiles	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/skytap	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/skytap	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/skytap	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/skytap	tag_library	jenkins
org.glassfish.soteria/javax.security.enterprise	tag_library	bundle
org.glassfish.soteria/javax.security.enterprise	tag_library	security
org.glassfish.soteria/javax.security.enterprise	tag_library	glassfish
org.glassfish.soteria/javax.security.enterprise	tag_library	javax
org.glassfish.soteria/javax.security.enterprise	tag_library	osgi
org.springframework/spring-framework-bom	categorise_library	Bill of materials
org.springframework/spring-framework-bom	tag_library	bom
org.springframework/spring-framework-bom	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-framework-bom	tag_library	build
org.springframework/spring-framework-bom	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-framework-bom	tag_library	dependencies
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonargraph-integration	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonargraph-integration	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonargraph-integration	tag_library	integration
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonargraph-integration	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonargraph-integration	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/robot	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/robot	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/robot	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/robot	tag_library	robot
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/robot	tag_library	bot
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/robot	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.xss	tag_library	apache
de.taimos/pipeline-aws	tag_library	aws
de.taimos/pipeline-aws	tag_library	amazon
de.taimos/pipeline-aws	tag_library	pipeline
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	server
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9	tag_library	osgi
io.projectreactor.ipc/reactor-netty	tag_library	network
io.projectreactor.ipc/reactor-netty	tag_library	socket
io.projectreactor.ipc/reactor-netty	tag_library	ipc
io.projectreactor.ipc/reactor-netty	tag_library	reactor
io.projectreactor.ipc/reactor-netty	tag_library	netty
org.glassfish/javax.faces	tag_library	glassfish
org.glassfish/javax.faces	tag_library	javax
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-maven-plugin	tag_library	plugin
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-maven-plugin	tag_library	build
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-maven-plugin	tag_library	build-system
com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-maven-plugin	tag_library	maven
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.11	tag_library	actor
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.11	tag_library	akka
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.11	tag_library	distributed
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.11	tag_library	concurrency
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.11	tag_library	session
com.softwaremill.akka-http-session/core_2.11	tag_library	http
org.webjars.npm/mediaelement	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/mediaelement	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/mediaelement	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/mediaelement	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/mediaelement	tag_library	resources
io.ktor/ktor	tag_library	ktor
io.ktor/ktor	tag_library	kotlin
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ognl	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ognl	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ognl	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.ognl	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-ui	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-ui	tag_library	ui
bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15	tag_library	jdk
com.inversoft/prime-jwt	tag_library	jwt
org.apache.hbase/hbase-rest	tag_library	database
org.apache.hbase/hbase-rest	tag_library	rest
org.apache.hbase/hbase-rest	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hbase/hbase-rest	tag_library	apache
org.apache.hbase/hbase-rest	tag_library	hbase
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-extdirect	tag_library	bundle
org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-extdirect	tag_library	osgi
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.10	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.10	tag_library	play-framework
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	communication
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	broker
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	message
org.apache.activemq/activemq-core	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl-ee6	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl-ee6	tag_library	module
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl-ee6	tag_library	deltaspike
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl-ee6	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.deltaspike.modules/deltaspike-jsf-module-impl-ee6	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-logic	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-custom-ui-utilities	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-custom-ui-utilities	tag_library	ui
org.apache.nifi/nifi-custom-ui-utilities	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.social/spring-social-core	categorise_library	Social Network Clients
org.springframework.social/spring-social-core	tag_library	network
org.springframework.social/spring-social-core	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.social/spring-social-core	tag_library	social
org.springframework.social/spring-social-core	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.social/spring-social-core	tag_library	client
org.hudsonci.plugins/translation	tag_library	plugin
org.hudsonci.plugins/translation	tag_library	translation
com.elasticbox.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox	tag_library	plugin
com.elasticbox.jenkins-ci.plugins/elasticbox	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars/momentjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/momentjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars/momentjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/momentjs	tag_library	resources
org.apache.flex.blazeds/blazeds	tag_library	apache
org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-jdbc	tag_library	database
org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-jdbc	tag_library	sql
org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-jdbc	tag_library	jdbc
org.jboss.ironjacamar/ironjacamar-jdbc	tag_library	jboss
org.webjars.npm/sockjs	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/sockjs	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/sockjs	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/sockjs	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/sockjs	tag_library	resources
org.kie.server/kie-server-services-common	tag_library	server
org.kie.server/kie-server-services-common	tag_library	service
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-client	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-client	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-client	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-client	tag_library	client
org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-client	tag_library	jetty
org.keycloak/keycloak-forms-common-themes	tag_library	keycloak
org.keycloak/keycloak-forms-common-themes	tag_library	forms
org.keycloak/keycloak-forms-common-themes	tag_library	theme
com.linkedin.azkaban/azkaban-common	tag_library	linkedin
com.icthh.xm.commons/xm-commons-migration-db	tag_library	database
com.icthh.xm.commons/xm-commons-migration-db	tag_library	commons
com.icthh.xm.commons/xm-commons-migration-db	tag_library	migration
org.webjars.bower/moment	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/moment	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/moment	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/moment	tag_library	resources
org.apache.shiro/shiro-crypto-cipher	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.shiro/shiro-crypto-cipher	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-crypto-cipher	tag_library	cryptography
org.apache.shiro/shiro-crypto-cipher	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-crypto-cipher	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro/shiro-crypto-cipher	tag_library	osgi
org.springframework/spring-web	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
org.springframework/spring-web	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-web	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-web	tag_library	web
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crx-content-package-deployer	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crx-content-package-deployer	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crx-content-package-deployer	tag_library	deployment
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crx-content-package-deployer	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/crx-content-package-deployer	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.qc/hp-quality-center	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.qc/hp-quality-center	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.qc/hp-quality-center	tag_library	quality
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.qc/hp-quality-center	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins.qc/hp-quality-center	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml	tag_library	xml
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-xml	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.heron/heron-storm	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-all	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-all	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-all	tag_library	shiro
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.0-1	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.0-1	tag_library	format
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.0-1	tag_library	json
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.0-1	tag_library	web-framework
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.0-1	tag_library	serialization
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.0-1	tag_library	scala
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	distribution
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	openapi
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	ui
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	swagger
org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-dist	tag_library	api
com.kitfox.svg/svg-salamander	categorise_library	SVG Libraries
com.kitfox.svg/svg-salamander	tag_library	svg
com.kitfox.svg/svg-salamander	tag_library	vector
com.kitfox.svg/svg-salamander	tag_library	xml
com.kitfox.svg/svg-salamander	tag_library	graphics
org.apache.camel/camel-robotframework	tag_library	framework
org.apache.camel/camel-robotframework	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-robotframework	tag_library	camel
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web	tag_library	spring
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web	tag_library	web
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web	tag_library	osgi
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-studio	tag_library	database
com.orientechnologies/orientdb-studio	tag_library	orientdb
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jsgames	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jsgames	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jsgames	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jsgames	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	tag_library	plotly
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	tag_library	chart
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/plotly.js	tag_library	javascript
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-el	tag_library	embedded
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-el	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-el	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-el	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-el	tag_library	tomcat
org.webjars.npm/object-path	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/object-path	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/object-path	tag_library	path
org.webjars.npm/object-path	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/object-path	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/object-path	tag_library	resources
com.madgag.spongycastle/bctls-jdk15on	tag_library	jdk
org.infinispan.server/infinispan-server-endpoints	tag_library	infinispan
org.infinispan.server/infinispan-server-endpoints	tag_library	server
org.infinispan.server/infinispan-server-endpoints	tag_library	cache
org.infinispan.server/infinispan-server-endpoints	tag_library	endpoint
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/job-dsl	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/job-dsl	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/job-dsl	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/job-dsl	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/job-dsl	tag_library	dsl
tomcat/catalina	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/catalina	tag_library	server
tomcat/catalina	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	categorise_library	JDBC Drivers
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	tag_library	database
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	tag_library	sql
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	tag_library	jdbc
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	tag_library	driver
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	tag_library	apache
org.apache.derby/derbyclient	tag_library	rdbms
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.11	tag_library	jmx
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.11	tag_library	monitoring
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.11	tag_library	flink
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.11	tag_library	apache
org.apache.flink/flink-metrics-jmx_2.11	tag_library	metrics
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/port-allocator	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/port-allocator	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/port-allocator	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/port-allocator	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.atlas/atlas-common	tag_library	apache
net.arangamani.jenkins/gem-publisher	tag_library	publisher
net.arangamani.jenkins/gem-publisher	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-core	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-core	tag_library	apache
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.functionblock.ide	categorise_library	Eclipse Plugins
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.functionblock.ide	tag_library	plugin
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.functionblock.ide	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.functionblock.ide	tag_library	ide
org.eclipse.vorto/org.eclipse.vorto.editor.functionblock.ide	tag_library	editor
org.apache.kafka/kafka	categorise_library	Message Brokers
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	communication
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	streaming
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	queue
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	kafka
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	broker
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	apache
org.apache.kafka/kafka	tag_library	message
org.webjars.npm/extend	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/extend	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/extend	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/extend	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/extend	tag_library	resources
com.github.redfish4ktc.soapui/soapui	tag_library	github
com.github.redfish4ktc.soapui/soapui	tag_library	testing
com.github.redfish4ktc.soapui/soapui	tag_library	api
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	categorise_library	Distributed Computing
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	tag_library	computing
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	tag_library	cluster
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	tag_library	distributed
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	tag_library	spark
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	tag_library	apache
org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.12	tag_library	parallel
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/description-column-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/description-column-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/description-column-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/description-column-plugin	tag_library	column
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/description-column-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	tag_library	angular
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	tag_library	jwt
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/angular-jwt	tag_library	resources
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot-loader-tools	tag_library	loader
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot-loader-tools	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot-loader-tools	tag_library	tools
org.springframework.boot/spring-boot-loader-tools	tag_library	framework
org.webjars.npm/json-bigint	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/json-bigint	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/json-bigint	tag_library	json
org.webjars.npm/json-bigint	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/json-bigint	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/json-bigint	tag_library	resources
de.eacg/ecs-publisher	tag_library	publisher
xml-security/xmlsec	tag_library	xml
xml-security/xmlsec	tag_library	security
org.apache.commons/commons-compress	categorise_library	Compression Libraries
org.apache.commons/commons-compress	tag_library	compression
org.apache.commons/commons-compress	tag_library	data
org.apache.commons/commons-compress	tag_library	apache
org.apache.commons/commons-compress	tag_library	commons
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	categorise_library	Message Queue Clients
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	queue
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	messaging
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	amqp
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	client
org.springframework.amqp/spring-amqp	tag_library	message
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-core-services-api	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-core-services-api	tag_library	service
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-core-services-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.esapi	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.esapi	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.esapi	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.esapi	tag_library	osgi
com.ztbsuper/dingding-notifications	tag_library	notification
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.10	tag_library	http
org.http4s/http4s-server_2.10	tag_library	server
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-websocket-client	tag_library	socket
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-websocket-client	tag_library	server
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-websocket-client	tag_library	websocket
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-websocket-client	tag_library	web
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-websocket-client	tag_library	client
org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-websocket-client	tag_library	controller
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib	categorise_library	JVM Languages
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib	tag_library	jvm
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib	tag_library	language
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib	tag_library	library
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib	tag_library	kotlin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib	tag_library	jetbrains
org.pac4j/pac4j-oidc	tag_library	security
org.pac4j/pac4j-oidc	tag_library	oidc
tomcat/tomcat-http11	tag_library	server
tomcat/tomcat-http11	tag_library	webserver
tomcat/tomcat-http11	tag_library	tomcat
tomcat/tomcat-http11	tag_library	http
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix-hystrix-dashboard	tag_library	dashboard
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix-hystrix-dashboard	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix-hystrix-dashboard	tag_library	framework
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix-hystrix-dashboard	tag_library	netflix
org.springframework.cloud/spring-cloud-netflix-hystrix-dashboard	tag_library	cloud
io.spray/spray-json_2.11	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.11	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.11	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.11	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.11	tag_library	serialization
org.springframework.ws/spring-ws	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.ws/spring-ws	tag_library	framework
com.google.gerrit/gerrit-plugin-api	tag_library	plugin
com.google.gerrit/gerrit-plugin-api	tag_library	google
com.google.gerrit/gerrit-plugin-api	tag_library	api
org.webjars.npm/reveal.js	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/reveal.js	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/reveal.js	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/reveal.js	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/reveal.js	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/reveal.js	tag_library	javascript
org.springframework/spring-webflux	tag_library	webflux
org.springframework/spring-webflux	tag_library	spring
org.springframework/spring-webflux	tag_library	framework
org.springframework/spring-webflux	tag_library	web
com.ctrip.framework.apollo/apollo	tag_library	framework
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-otp-mfa-core	tag_library	support
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-otp-mfa-core	tag_library	server
org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-otp-mfa-core	tag_library	mfa
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M3	categorise_library	Web Frameworks
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	typesafe
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	play-framework
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	web
com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	framework
org.webjars.bower/tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/tempusdominus-bootstrap-4	tag_library	bootstrap
org.apache.directory.api/apache-ldap-api	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.api/apache-ldap-api	tag_library	ldap
org.apache.directory.api/apache-ldap-api	tag_library	api
org.apache.directory.api/apache-ldap-api	tag_library	directory
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M3	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	spray
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	json
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	format
io.spray/spray-json_2.13.0-M3	tag_library	serialization
org.apache.camel/camel-jacksonxml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.camel/camel-jacksonxml	tag_library	jackson
org.apache.camel/camel-jacksonxml	tag_library	camel
org.wso2.carbon/org.wso2.carbon.ui	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon/org.wso2.carbon.ui	tag_library	ui
org.wso2.carbon/org.wso2.carbon.ui	tag_library	osgi
org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15	tag_library	jdk
org.wildfly/wildfly-parent	tag_library	wildfly
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	path
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	json
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	transformation
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform	tag_library	jsonpath
com.liferay.portal/release.dxp.bom	tag_library	bom
com.liferay.portal/release.dxp.bom	tag_library	portal
com.liferay.portal/release.dxp.bom	tag_library	liferay
com.github.binarywang/weixin-java-common	tag_library	github
org.apache.poi/poi-ooxml	tag_library	poi
org.apache.poi/poi-ooxml	tag_library	apache
org.apache.poi/poi-ooxml	tag_library	xml
org.liquibase/liquibase-core	categorise_library	DB Migration Tools
org.liquibase/liquibase-core	tag_library	liquibase
org.liquibase/liquibase-core	tag_library	jdbc
org.liquibase/liquibase-core	tag_library	database
org.liquibase/liquibase-core	tag_library	migration
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	tag_library	gitlab
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	tag_library	authentication
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	tag_library	jenkins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth	tag_library	oauth
org.eclipse.vorto/generator-runner	tag_library	generator
org.eclipse.vorto/generator-runner	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.vorto/generator-runner	tag_library	runner
io.arrow-kt/arrow-ank-gradle	tag_library	build
io.arrow-kt/arrow-ank-gradle	tag_library	build-system
io.arrow-kt/arrow-ank-gradle	tag_library	gradle
io.arrow-kt/arrow-ank-gradle	tag_library	groovy
io.arrow-kt/arrow-ank-gradle	tag_library	arrow
org.apache.karaf/karaf	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf/karaf	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.karaf/karaf	tag_library	karaf
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/promoted-builds	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/promoted-builds	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-tls	tag_library	nifi
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-tls	tag_library	tools
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-tls	tag_library	tls
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-tls	tag_library	apache
org.apache.nifi/nifi-toolkit-tls	tag_library	toolkit
org.webjars.npm/github-com-moment-moment	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-moment-moment	tag_library	github
org.webjars.npm/github-com-moment-moment	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/github-com-moment-moment	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/github-com-moment-moment	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/github-com-moment-moment	tag_library	resources
com.github.junrar/junrar	tag_library	github
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util-scan	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util-scan	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util-scan	tag_library	scanning
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util-scan	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util-scan	tag_library	tomcat
org.apache.activemq/activemq-optional	tag_library	jms
org.apache.activemq/activemq-optional	tag_library	activemq
org.apache.activemq/activemq-optional	tag_library	queue
org.apache.activemq/activemq-optional	tag_library	apache
org.webjars.bower/messageformat	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.bower/messageformat	tag_library	web
org.webjars.bower/messageformat	tag_library	format
org.webjars.bower/messageformat	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.bower/messageformat	tag_library	resources
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/semantic-versioning-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/semantic-versioning-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/semantic-versioning-plugin	tag_library	versioning
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/semantic-versioning-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/semantic-versioning-plugin	tag_library	version
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/semantic-versioning-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.myfaces.core.internal/myfaces-impl-shared	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.core.internal/myfaces-impl-shared	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.myfaces.core.internal/myfaces-impl-shared	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-security	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-security	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-security	tag_library	security
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-security	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-security	tag_library	osgi
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.lcm	tag_library	bundle
org.wso2.carbon.governance/org.wso2.carbon.governance.lcm	tag_library	osgi
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	security
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	spring
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	shiro
org.apache.shiro/shiro-spring-boot-starter	tag_library	starter
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient	tag_library	network
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient	tag_library	apache
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient	tag_library	client
org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/perfectomobile	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/perfectomobile	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/perfectomobile	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/perfectomobile	tag_library	jenkins
org.webjars.npm/jquery	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/jquery	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/jquery	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/jquery	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/jquery	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/jquery	tag_library	jquery
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common	categorise_library	Language Runtime
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common	tag_library	language
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common	tag_library	library
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common	tag_library	kotlin
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common	tag_library	runtime
org.jetbrains.kotlin/kotlin-stdlib-common	tag_library	jetbrains
org.apache.druid/druid-core	tag_library	apache
org.apache.druid/druid-core	tag_library	druid
io.quarkus.resteasy.reactive/resteasy-reactive-vertx	tag_library	quarkus
io.quarkus.resteasy.reactive/resteasy-reactive-vertx	tag_library	rest
io.quarkus.resteasy.reactive/resteasy-reactive-vertx	tag_library	reactive
io.quarkus.resteasy.reactive/resteasy-reactive-vertx	tag_library	resteasy
io.quarkus.resteasy.reactive/resteasy-reactive-vertx	tag_library	vertx
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	tag_library	provider
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	tag_library	config
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	tag_library	file
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider	tag_library	jenkins
org.mock-server/mockserver	tag_library	mock
org.mock-server/mockserver	tag_library	server
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common	tag_library	hadoop
org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common	tag_library	apache
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-core-common	tag_library	sharding
org.apache.shardingsphere/sharding-core-common	tag_library	apache
org.springframework.security/spring-security-cas	tag_library	security
org.springframework.security/spring-security-cas	tag_library	spring
org.springframework.security/spring-security-cas	tag_library	framework
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/snsnotify	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/snsnotify	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/snsnotify	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/snsnotify	tag_library	jenkins
ro.pippo/pippo-session	tag_library	session
org.webjars/whet.extend	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/whet.extend	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/whet.extend	tag_library	web
org.webjars/whet.extend	tag_library	resources
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	web
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	webapp
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-webapp	tag_library	jetty
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlets	tag_library	server
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlets	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlets	tag_library	servlet
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlets	tag_library	webserver
org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlets	tag_library	jetty
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	lucene
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	esb
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	parser
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	query
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	apache
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	index
org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser	tag_library	osgi
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-ddi-api	tag_library	eclipse
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-ddi-api	tag_library	api
org.eclipse.hawkbit/hawkbit-boot-starter-ddi-api	tag_library	starter
com.floragunn/search-guard-kibana-plugin	tag_library	plugin
com.floragunn/search-guard-kibana-plugin	tag_library	search
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.1	categorise_library	JSON Libraries
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.1	tag_library	format
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.1	tag_library	json
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.1	tag_library	web-framework
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.1	tag_library	serialization
net.liftweb/lift-json_2.9.1	tag_library	scala
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf/cxf-bundle	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/jVinci	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.uima/jVinci	tag_library	apache
org.apache.uima/jVinci	tag_library	osgi
com.squareup.retrofit2/retrofit	categorise_library	HTTP Clients
com.squareup.retrofit2/retrofit	tag_library	retrofit
com.squareup.retrofit2/retrofit	tag_library	http
com.squareup.retrofit2/retrofit	tag_library	client
com.squareup.retrofit2/retrofit	tag_library	network
org.apache.directory.api/api-all	tag_library	apache
org.apache.directory.api/api-all	tag_library	api
org.apache.directory.api/api-all	tag_library	directory
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client-api	tag_library	client
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client-api	tag_library	api
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client-api	tag_library	asynchronous
org.asynchttpclient/async-http-client-api	tag_library	http
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-multijob-plugin	categorise_library	Jenkins Plugins
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-multijob-plugin	tag_library	plugin
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-multijob-plugin	tag_library	build
org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jenkins-multijob-plugin	tag_library	jenkins
org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf	categorise_library	OSGi Containers
org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf	tag_library	apache
org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf	tag_library	karaf
org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf	tag_library	runtime
org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf	tag_library	containe
org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf	tag_library	osgi
org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/perforce	tag_library	plugin
org.apache.santuario/xmlsec	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.santuario/xmlsec	tag_library	security
org.apache.santuario/xmlsec	tag_library	apache
org.apache.santuario/xmlsec	tag_library	xml
org.apache.santuario/xmlsec	tag_library	osgi
org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-scim	tag_library	identity
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-cxf	tag_library	bundle
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-cxf	tag_library	cxf
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-cxf	tag_library	apache
org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-cxf	tag_library	osgi
org.webjars.npm/pouchdb-find	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/pouchdb-find	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/pouchdb-find	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/pouchdb-find	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/pouchdb-find	tag_library	resources
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	server
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	jmx
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	monitoring
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	webserver
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	remote
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	apache
org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina-jmx-remote	tag_library	tomcat
io.fabric8/fabric8-maven-plugin-core	tag_library	plugin
io.fabric8/fabric8-maven-plugin-core	tag_library	build
io.fabric8/fabric8-maven-plugin-core	tag_library	build-system
io.fabric8/fabric8-maven-plugin-core	tag_library	maven
org.apache.syncope.client/syncope-client-enduser	tag_library	apache
org.apache.syncope.client/syncope-client-enduser	tag_library	client
org.drools/droolsjbpm-integration	tag_library	rule-engine
org.drools/droolsjbpm-integration	tag_library	integration
org.drools/droolsjbpm-integration	tag_library	bpm
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-impl	tag_library	jsf
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-impl	tag_library	implementation
org.apache.myfaces.core/myfaces-impl	tag_library	apache
org.apache.iotdb/iotdb-server	tag_library	server
org.apache.iotdb/iotdb-server	tag_library	iot
org.apache.iotdb/iotdb-server	tag_library	apache
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	categorise_library	Web Applications
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	tag_library	application
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	tag_library	war
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	tag_library	portal
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	tag_library	web
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	tag_library	webapp
com.liferay.portal/portal-web	tag_library	liferay
org.webjars/adm-zip	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars/adm-zip	tag_library	assets
org.webjars/adm-zip	tag_library	zip
org.webjars/adm-zip	tag_library	web
org.webjars/adm-zip	tag_library	resources
org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat	categorise_library	Web Assets
org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat	tag_library	assets
org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat	tag_library	web
org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat	tag_library	npm
org.webjars.npm/bourbon-neat	tag_library	resources
CVE-2019-10754	affect_library	org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc
CVE-2019-10754	affect_library	org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oauth-core-api
CVE-2019-10754	affect_library	org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-oidc-core-api
CVE-2019-10754	affect_library	org.apereo.cas/cas-server-core-util-api
CVE-2019-10754	affect_library	org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-pac4j-core-clients
CVE-2019-10754	affect_library	org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-simple-mfa
CVE-2019-10754	affect_library	org.apereo.cas/cas-server-support-shell
CVE-2019-10754	affect_library	org.apereo.cas/cas-server-core-services-api
CVE-2019-10754	affect_product	apereo central_authentication_service
CVE-2019-10754	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-338
CVE-2017-11554	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-sass
CVE-2017-11554	affect_product	libsass libsass
CVE-2017-11554	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-674
CVE-2018-8032	affect_library	org.apache.axis/axis
CVE-2018-8032	affect_library	axis/axis
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	apache axis
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle agile_product_lifecycle_management_framework
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_human_capital_management_human_resources
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle tuxedo
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle internet_directory
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle communications_order_and_service_management
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle flexcube_core_banking
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle secure_global_desktop
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_fusion_middleware
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle policy_automation_connector_for_siebel
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_studio
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle knowledge
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle rapid_planning
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle communications_asap_cartridges
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle financial_services_compliance_regulatory_reporting
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle communications_network_integrity
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle real-time_decision_server
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle big_data_discovery
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle communications_design_studio
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle financial_services_funds_transfer_pricing
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2018-8032	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-8032	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-5407	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2020-5407	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-saml2-service-provider
CVE-2020-5407	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_security
CVE-2020-5407	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-347
CVE-2019-10793	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/dot-object
CVE-2019-10793	affect_product	dot-object_project dot-object
CVE-2019-10793	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2018-1196	affect_library	org.springframework.boot/spring-boot
CVE-2018-1196	affect_library	org.springframework.boot/spring-boot-loader-tools
CVE-2018-1196	affect_product	vmware spring_boot
CVE-2018-1196	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-59
CVE-2018-8815	affect_library	org.opencms/opencms-core
CVE-2018-8815	affect_product	alkacon opencms
CVE-2018-8815	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2015-1831	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2015-1831	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2015-1831	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2018-1274	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-data-commons
CVE-2018-1274	affect_library	org.springframework.data/spring-data-commons
CVE-2018-1274	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_data_commons
CVE-2018-1274	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_data_rest
CVE-2018-1274	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2019-16776	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2019-16776	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/npm
CVE-2019-16776	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2019-16776	affect_product	npmjs npm
CVE-2019-16776	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-16776	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2019-16776	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-16776	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux
CVE-2019-16776	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_eus
CVE-2019-16776	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2019-1003085	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-enterprise-test-management
CVE-2019-1003085	affect_product	jenkins zephyr_enterprise_test_management
CVE-2019-1003085	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-13951	affect_library	org.apache.openmeetings/openmeetings-parent
CVE-2020-13951	affect_product	apache openmeetings
CVE-2018-1048	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2018-1048	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2018-1048	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2016-6311	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2016-6311	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2016-6311	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2016-8746	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/ranger
CVE-2016-8746	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/ranger-plugins-common
CVE-2016-8746	affect_product	apache ranger
CVE-2016-8746	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-426
CVE-2011-5034	affect_library	org.apache.geronimo/geronimo
CVE-2011-5034	affect_library	geronimo/geronimo-tomcat
CVE-2011-5034	affect_library	org.apache.geronimo.modules/geronimo-tomcat6
CVE-2011-5034	affect_product	apache geronimo
CVE-2011-5034	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-9116	affect_library	com.github.tomakehurst/wiremock
CVE-2018-9116	affect_product	wiremock wiremock
CVE-2018-9116	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-9495	affect_library	org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-authentication-ldap
CVE-2020-9495	affect_library	org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-users-ldap
CVE-2020-9495	affect_library	org.apache.archiva.redback/redback-common-ldap
CVE-2020-9495	affect_product	apache archiva
CVE-2020-9495	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2020-2200	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/play-autotest-plugin
CVE-2020-2200	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/play-autotest-plugin
CVE-2020-2200	affect_product	jenkins play_framework
CVE-2020-2200	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2019-0213	affect_library	org.apache.archiva/archiva
CVE-2019-0213	affect_product	apache archiva
CVE-2019-0213	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-20834	affect_library	org.webjars/tar
CVE-2018-20834	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2018-20834	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/tar
CVE-2018-20834	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2018-20834	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2018-20834	affect_product	node-tar_project node-tar
CVE-2018-20834	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-59
CVE-2017-3201	affect_library	com.exadel.flamingo.flex/amf-serializer
CVE-2017-3201	affect_product	exadel flamingo_amf-serializer
CVE-2017-3201	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10416	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/violation-comments-to-gitlab
CVE-2019-10416	affect_product	jenkins violation_comments_to_gitlab
CVE-2019-10416	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10365	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-kubernetes-engine
CVE-2019-10365	affect_product	google kubernetes_engine
CVE-2019-10365	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-668
CVE-2018-11804	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10
CVE-2018-11804	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11
CVE-2018-11804	affect_product	apache spark
CVE-2018-11804	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2014-7191	affect_library	org.webjars/qs
CVE-2014-7191	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/qs
CVE-2014-7191	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform
CVE-2014-7191	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/floatthead
CVE-2014-7191	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2014-7191	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/messageformat
CVE-2014-7191	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2014-7191	affect_product	nodejs node.js
CVE-2021-20220	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2021-20220	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2021-20220	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2021-20220	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2021-20220	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2019-10339	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jx-resources
CVE-2019-10339	affect_product	jenkins jx_resources
CVE-2019-10339	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2018-9458	affect_library	org.robolectric/android-all
CVE-2018-9458	affect_product	google android
CVE-2018-9458	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1021
CVE-2019-10325	affect_library	io.jenkins.plugins/warnings-ng
CVE-2019-10325	affect_product	jenkins warnings_next_generation
CVE-2019-10325	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2014-0228	affect_library	org.apache.hive.shims/hive-shims-common-secure
CVE-2014-0228	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-exec
CVE-2014-0228	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-service
CVE-2014-0228	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive
CVE-2014-0228	affect_library	org.apache.hive/hive-common
CVE-2014-0228	affect_product	apache hive
CVE-2014-0228	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2019-11189	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-apps-acl
CVE-2019-11189	affect_product	opennetworking onos
CVE-2019-11189	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-290
CVE-2019-5442	affect_library	ro.pippo/pippo-jaxb
CVE-2019-5442	affect_product	pippo pippo
CVE-2019-5442	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-776
CVE-2017-7678	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.11
CVE-2017-7678	affect_library	org.apache.spark/spark-core_2.10
CVE-2017-7678	affect_product	apache spark
CVE-2017-7678	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2022-23307	affect_library	apache-log4j/log4j
CVE-2022-23307	affect_library	org.apache.log4j/com.springsource.org.apache.log4j
CVE-2022-23307	affect_library	log4j/log4j
CVE-2022-23307	affect_library	org.clojars.aaroniba/log4j
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	apache chainsaw
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	apache log4j
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	qos reload4j
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle business_intelligence
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle jdeveloper
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle identity_management_suite
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle communications_network_integrity
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle advanced_supply_chain_planning
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle healthcare_foundation
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle communications_eagle_ftp_table_base_retrieval
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle retail_extract_transform_and_load
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle identity_manager_connector
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle middleware_common_libraries_and_tools
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle financial_services_revenue_management_and_billing_analytics
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle hyperion_data_relationship_management
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle hyperion_infrastructure_technology
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle tuxedo
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle e-business_suite_cloud_manager_and_cloud_backup_module
CVE-2022-23307	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2022-23307	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2007-6721	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2007-6721	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2017-4947	affect_library	com.vmware.xenon/xenon-common
CVE-2017-4947	affect_product	vmware vrealize_automation
CVE-2017-4947	affect_product	vmware vsphere_integrated_containers
CVE-2017-4947	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-25802	affect_library	org.craftercms/crafter-studio
CVE-2020-25802	affect_product	craftercms studio
CVE-2020-25802	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-913
CVE-2020-2134	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2020-2134	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2020-2134	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2019-14910	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-util-embedded-ldap
CVE-2019-14910	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2019-14910	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2018-1000109	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/google-play-android-publisher
CVE-2018-1000109	affect_product	jenkins google-play-android-publisher
CVE-2018-1000109	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2012-5883	affect_library	org.webjars/yui
CVE-2012-5883	affect_product	mozilla bugzilla
CVE-2012-5883	affect_product	yahoo yui
CVE-2012-5883	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-5230	affect_library	org.opencastproject/base
CVE-2020-5230	affect_library	org.opencastproject/opencast-common
CVE-2020-5230	affect_library	org.opencastproject/opencast-ingest-service-impl
CVE-2020-5230	affect_product	apereo opencast
CVE-2020-5230	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2005-3745	affect_library	struts/struts
CVE-2005-3745	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2020-10689	affect_library	org.eclipse.che.infrastructure/infrastructure-kubernetes
CVE-2020-10689	affect_product	eclipse che
CVE-2016-1000031	affect_library	commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload
CVE-2016-1000031	affect_product	apache commons_fileupload
CVE-2016-1000031	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2015-6748	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-server
CVE-2015-6748	affect_library	org.jsoup/jsoup
CVE-2015-6748	affect_product	jsoup jsoup
CVE-2015-6748	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-3166	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-main
CVE-2017-3166	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hadoop-client
CVE-2017-3166	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-mapreduce-client-core
CVE-2017-3166	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2017-3166	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-732
CVE-2017-12165	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-examples
CVE-2017-12165	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2017-12165	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2017-12165	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2017-12165	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2020-2197	affect_library	hudson.plugins/project-inheritance
CVE-2020-2197	affect_product	jenkins project_inheritance
CVE-2020-2197	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2019-10324	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory
CVE-2019-10324	affect_product	jfrog artifactory
CVE-2019-10324	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-15795	affect_library	org.springframework.credhub/spring-credhub-core
CVE-2018-15795	affect_product	pivotal_software credhub_service_broker
CVE-2018-15795	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-338
CVE-2018-1317	affect_library	org.apache.zeppelin/zeppelin
CVE-2018-1317	affect_library	org.apache.zeppelin/zeppelin-zengine
CVE-2018-1317	affect_product	apache zeppelin
CVE-2018-1317	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2014-9634	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-0112	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2014-0112	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2014-0112	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2012-5784	affect_library	org.apache.axis/axis
CVE-2012-5784	affect_library	axis/axis
CVE-2012-5784	affect_product	apache axis
CVE-2012-5784	affect_product	paypal mass_pay
CVE-2012-5784	affect_product	paypal transactional_information_soap
CVE-2012-5784	affect_product	paypal payments_pro
CVE-2012-5784	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2012-5784	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-11047	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa
CVE-2018-11047	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2018-11047	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2018-11047	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2019-10241	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty.aggregate/jetty-all
CVE-2019-10241	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server
CVE-2019-10241	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-util
CVE-2019-10241	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlet
CVE-2019-10241	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2019-10241	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-10241	affect_product	apache drill
CVE-2019-10241	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2019-10241	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-10241	affect_product	oracle flexcube_core_banking
CVE-2019-10241	affect_product	oracle rest_data_services
CVE-2019-10241	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-2613	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-2613	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-2613	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-17579	affect_library	org.sonarsource.sonarqube/sonar-web
CVE-2019-17579	affect_product	sonarsource sonarqube
CVE-2019-17579	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-2602	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-2602	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000170	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000170	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000170	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-18394	affect_library	org.igniterealtime.openfire/xmppserver
CVE-2019-18394	affect_product	igniterealtime openfire
CVE-2019-18394	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2018-11248	affect_library	com.liulishuo.filedownloader/library
CVE-2018-11248	affect_product	liulishuo filedownloader
CVE-2018-11248	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2017-12621	affect_library	commons-jelly/commons-jelly
CVE-2017-12621	affect_product	apache commons_jelly
CVE-2017-12621	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-0233	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2019-0233	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2019-0233	affect_product	oracle financial_services_market_risk_measurement_and_management
CVE-2019-0233	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2019-0233	affect_product	oracle financial_services_data_integration_hub
CVE-2019-0233	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2019-0233	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-281
CVE-2015-5262	affect_library	org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient
CVE-2015-5262	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2015-5262	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2015-5262	affect_product	apache httpclient
CVE-2017-9794	affect_library	org.apache.geode/geode-core
CVE-2017-9794	affect_product	apache geode
CVE-2017-9794	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-3875	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2019-3875	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-server-spi-private
CVE-2019-3875	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2019-3875	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2019-3875	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2019-3875	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2017-12629	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.lucene-queryparser
CVE-2017-12629	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2017-12629	affect_library	org.apache.lucene/lucene-queryparser
CVE-2017-12629	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2017-12629	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-12629	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2017-12629	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-2213	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/whitesource
CVE-2020-2213	affect_product	jenkins white_source
CVE-2020-2213	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2021-44878	affect_library	org.pac4j/pac4j-core
CVE-2021-44878	affect_library	org.pac4j/pac4j-oidc
CVE-2021-44878	affect_product	pac4j pac4j
CVE-2021-44878	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-347
CVE-2019-10366	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/skytap
CVE-2019-10366	affect_product	jenkins skytap_cloud_ci
CVE-2019-10366	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2017-15701	affect_library	org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker
CVE-2017-15701	affect_library	org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol
CVE-2017-15701	affect_product	apache qpid_broker-j
CVE-2017-15701	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2017-2608	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-2608	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-2608	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-1000487	affect_library	org.codehaus.plexus/plexus-utils
CVE-2017-1000487	affect_product	plexus-utils_project plexus-utils
CVE-2017-1000487	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-1000487	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2021-28169	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server
CVE-2021-28169	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner
CVE-2021-28169	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http
CVE-2021-28169	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-servlets
CVE-2021-28169	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2021-28169	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-28169	affect_product	oracle rest_data_services
CVE-2021-28169	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-28169	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2021-28169	affect_product	netapp hci
CVE-2021-28169	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2021-28169	affect_product	netapp management_services_for_element_software
CVE-2015-1832	affect_library	org.wisdom-framework/derby
CVE-2015-1832	affect_library	org.apache.derby/derby
CVE-2015-1832	affect_product	apache derby
CVE-2018-11696	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-sass
CVE-2018-11696	affect_product	sass-lang libsass
CVE-2018-11696	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-476
CVE-2016-2402	affect_library	com.squareup.okhttp3/okhttp
CVE-2016-2402	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.okhttp
CVE-2016-2402	affect_library	com.squareup.okhttp/okhttp
CVE-2016-2402	affect_product	squareup okhttp3
CVE-2016-2402	affect_product	squareup okhttp
CVE-2016-2402	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2019-20174	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/auth0-lock
CVE-2019-20174	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/auth0-lock
CVE-2019-20174	affect_product	auth0 lock
CVE-2019-20174	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2117	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-githubnotify-step
CVE-2020-2117	affect_product	jenkins pipeline_github_notify_step
CVE-2020-2117	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2019-10467	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/sonar-gerrit
CVE-2019-10467	affect_product	jenkins sonar_gerrit
CVE-2019-10467	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2020-12827	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/mjml
CVE-2020-12827	affect_product	mjml mjml
CVE-2020-12827	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-25689	affect_library	org.wildfly.core/wildfly-protocol
CVE-2020-25689	affect_library	org.wildfly.core/wildfly-host-controller
CVE-2020-25689	affect_product	redhat wildfly
CVE-2020-25689	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2020-25689	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2020-25689	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2020-25689	affect_product	redhat jboss_data_grid
CVE-2020-25689	affect_product	redhat openshift_application_runtimes
CVE-2020-25689	affect_product	redhat fuse
CVE-2020-25689	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2020-25689	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-25689	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-25689	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-401
CVE-2017-2646	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2017-2646	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-saml-core
CVE-2017-2646	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2017-2646	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2012-5351	affect_library	org.apache.axis2/axis2
CVE-2012-5351	affect_product	apache axis2
CVE-2012-5351	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2020-1948	affect_library	com.alibaba/dubbo
CVE-2020-1948	affect_library	org.apache.dubbo/dubbo
CVE-2020-1948	affect_library	org.apache.dubbo/dubbo-rpc-dubbo
CVE-2020-1948	affect_product	apache dubbo
CVE-2020-1948	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-1000093	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pollscm
CVE-2017-1000093	affect_product	jenkins poll_scm
CVE-2017-1000093	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-2111	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/subversion
CVE-2020-2111	affect_product	jenkins subversion
CVE-2020-2111	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10392	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git-client
CVE-2019-10392	affect_product	jenkins git_client
CVE-2019-10392	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2012-5629	affect_library	org.picketbox/jbosssx
CVE-2012-5629	affect_library	org.jboss.security/jbosssx
CVE-2012-5629	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_web_platform
CVE-2012-5629	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2020-2299	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory
CVE-2020-2299	affect_product	jenkins active_directory
CVE-2015-5318	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-5318	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-5318	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2015-5318	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-15718	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-main
CVE-2017-15718	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-common
CVE-2017-15718	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-server-nodemanager
CVE-2017-15718	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2019-16555	affect_library	com.sonyericsson.jenkins.plugins.bfa/build-failure-analyzer
CVE-2019-16555	affect_product	jenkins build_failure_analyzer
CVE-2019-16555	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2016-6346	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs
CVE-2016-6346	affect_product	redhat resteasy
CVE-2019-14653	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.pandao/editor.md
CVE-2019-14653	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/editor.md
CVE-2019-14653	affect_product	ipandao editor.md
CVE-2019-14653	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-17244	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2018-17244	affect_product	elastic elasticsearch
CVE-2018-17244	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2014-8152	affect_library	org.apache.santuario/xmlsec
CVE-2014-8152	affect_product	apache santuario_xml_security_for_java
CVE-2020-24705	affect_library	org.wso2.carbon/org.wso2.carbon.ui
CVE-2020-24705	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_analytics
CVE-2020-24705	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_as_key_manager
CVE-2020-24705	affect_product	wso2 identity_server
CVE-2020-24705	affect_product	wso2 api_manager
CVE-2020-24705	affect_product	wso2 api_manager_analytics
CVE-2020-24705	affect_product	wso2 iot_server
CVE-2020-2092	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/robot
CVE-2020-2092	affect_product	jenkins robot_framework
CVE-2020-2092	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-0200	affect_library	org.apache.qpid/apache-qpid-broker-j
CVE-2019-0200	affect_library	org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol
CVE-2019-0200	affect_library	org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-core
CVE-2019-0200	affect_library	org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-1-0-protocol
CVE-2019-0200	affect_product	apache qpid_broker-j
CVE-2009-0580	affect_library	tomcat/catalina-optional
CVE-2009-0580	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2009-0580	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2009-0580	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2009-0580	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-10473	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave
CVE-2019-10473	affect_product	jenkins libvirt_slaves
CVE-2019-10473	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2018-6356	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-6356	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-6356	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2018-6356	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2013-4941	affect_library	org.webjars/yui
CVE-2013-4941	affect_product	yahoo yui
CVE-2013-4941	affect_product	moodle moodle
CVE-2013-4941	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1000012	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/warnings
CVE-2018-1000012	affect_product	jenkins warnings
CVE-2018-1000012	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-1000143	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ghprb
CVE-2018-1000143	affect_product	jenkins github_pull_request_builder
CVE-2018-1000143	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-8035	affect_library	org.apache.uima/uima-ducc-web
CVE-2018-8035	affect_product	apache uimaducc
CVE-2018-8035	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-5641	affect_library	org.apache.flex.blazeds/blazeds
CVE-2017-5641	affect_library	org.apache.flex.blazeds/flex-messaging-core
CVE-2017-5641	affect_product	apache flex_blazeds
CVE-2017-5641	affect_product	hp xp_command_view_advanced_edition
CVE-2017-5641	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2014-4651	affect_library	org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-scriptbuilder
CVE-2014-4651	affect_library	org.apache.jclouds/jclouds-compute
CVE-2014-4651	affect_product	apache jclouds
CVE-2014-4651	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2014-0107	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xalan
CVE-2014-0107	affect_library	xalan/xalan
CVE-2014-0107	affect_product	apache xalan-java
CVE-2014-0107	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2017-1000079	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-api
CVE-2017-1000079	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-core-dist
CVE-2017-1000079	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-gui
CVE-2017-1000079	affect_product	onosproject onos
CVE-2020-10758	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-parent
CVE-2020-10758	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-wildfly-server-subsystem
CVE-2020-10758	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2020-10758	affect_product	redhat openshift_application_runtimes
CVE-2020-10758	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2020-10758	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2018-10237	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.guava
CVE-2018-10237	affect_library	com.google.guava/guava
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	google guava
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	redhat virtualization_host
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	redhat virtualization
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	redhat satellite
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	redhat openstack
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	redhat satellite_capsule
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	oracle flexcube_investor_servicing
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	oracle database_server
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	oracle communications_ip_service_activator
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	oracle banking_payments
CVE-2018-10237	affect_product	oracle customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2018-10237	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2018-20801	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/highcharts
CVE-2018-20801	affect_library	org.webjars/highcharts
CVE-2018-20801	affect_product	highcharts highcharts
CVE-2018-20801	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-185
CVE-2020-7622	affect_library	io.jooby/jooby-netty
CVE-2020-7622	affect_product	jooby jooby
CVE-2016-10547	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/github-com-mozilla-nunjucks
CVE-2016-10547	affect_product	mozilla nunjucks
CVE-2016-10547	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-11796	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-core
CVE-2018-11796	affect_product	apache tika
CVE-2018-11796	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-11996	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2020-11996	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2020-11996	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2020-11996	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2020-11996	affect_product	oracle workload_manager
CVE-2020-11996	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2020-11996	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2020-11996	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2020-11996	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-11996	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2016-4468	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common
CVE-2016-4468	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa
CVE-2016-4468	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2016-4468	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_elastic_runtime
CVE-2016-4468	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry
CVE-2016-4468	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2016-4468	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_ops_manager
CVE-2016-4468	affect_product	cloudfoundry cloud_foundry_uaa_bosh
CVE-2016-4468	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2019-10472	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/libvirt-slave
CVE-2019-10472	affect_product	jenkins libvirt_slaves
CVE-2019-10472	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2018-1000010	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/dry
CVE-2018-1000010	affect_product	jenkins dry
CVE-2018-1000010	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-17068	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/auth0-js
CVE-2017-17068	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/auth0.js
CVE-2017-17068	affect_product	auth0 auth0.js
CVE-2017-17068	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2009-0217	affect_library	xml-security/xmlsec
CVE-2009-0217	affect_library	org.apache.santuario/xmlsec
CVE-2009-0217	affect_product	mono_project mono
CVE-2009-0217	affect_product	ibm websphere_application_server
CVE-2009-0217	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server_component
CVE-2009-0217	affect_product	oracle application_server
CVE-2009-0217	affect_product	oracle bea_product_suite
CVE-2019-10368	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jclouds-jenkins
CVE-2019-10368	affect_product	jenkins jclouds
CVE-2019-10368	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2016-0956	affect_library	org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.servlets.post
CVE-2016-0956	affect_product	apache sling
CVE-2016-0956	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2021-39153	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-39153	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-39153	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-39153	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-39153	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2021-39153	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-39153	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-39153	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-39153	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-39153	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-39153	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-39153	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-39153	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-39153	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-39153	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-1003039	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/appdynamics-dashboard
CVE-2019-1003039	affect_product	jenkins appdynamics
CVE-2019-1003039	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2021-27290	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/ssri
CVE-2021-27290	affect_product	ssri_project ssri
CVE-2021-27290	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2021-27290	affect_product	siemens sinec_infrastructure_network_services
CVE-2020-25633	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client
CVE-2020-25633	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-client-microprofile
CVE-2020-25633	affect_product	redhat resteasy
CVE-2020-25633	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2020-25633	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-209
CVE-2020-9488	affect_library	org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j
CVE-2020-9488	affect_library	org.apache.log4j/com.springsource.org.apache.log4j
CVE-2020-9488	affect_library	org.clojars.aaroniba/log4j
CVE-2020-9488	affect_library	apache-log4j/log4j
CVE-2020-9488	affect_library	org.apache.logging.log4j.osgi/log4j-core-osgi-reduced
CVE-2020-9488	affect_library	log4j/log4j
CVE-2020-9488	affect_library	org.apache.logging.log4j/log4j-core
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	apache log4j
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle flexcube_core_banking
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle policy_automation_connector_for_siebel
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_world_security
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle financial_services_market_risk_measurement_and_management
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle financial_services_price_creation_and_discovery
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle policy_automation
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle financial_services_institutional_performance_analytics
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle insurance_insbridge_rating_and_underwriting
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle policy_automation_for_mobile_devices
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker_cloud_service
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle retail_assortment_planning
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration_j2ee
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle retail_advanced_inventory_planning
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle spatial_and_graph
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_peoplesoft
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle retail_bulk_data_integration
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle communications_application_session_controller
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle financial_services_retail_customer_analytics
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle storagetek_tape_analytics_sw_tool
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_information_manager
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle oracle_goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle retail_insights_cloud_service_suite
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle retail_eftlink
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle siebel_apps_-_marketing
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle communications_eagle_ftp_table_base_retrieval
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	oracle storagetek_acsls
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-9488	affect_product	qos reload4j
CVE-2020-9488	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2018-20594	affect_library	org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-commons
CVE-2018-20594	affect_library	org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-oauth2-client-web
CVE-2018-20594	affect_library	org.hswebframework.web/hsweb-system-workflow-local
CVE-2018-20594	affect_product	hsweb hsweb
CVE-2018-20594	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2094	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cloudbees-jenkins-advisor
CVE-2020-2094	affect_product	jenkins health_advisor_by_cloudbees
CVE-2020-2094	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2018-1000149	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ansible
CVE-2018-1000149	affect_product	jenkins ansible
CVE-2019-10453	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/delphix
CVE-2019-10453	affect_product	jenkins delphix
CVE-2019-10453	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-312
CVE-2020-2138	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/cobertura
CVE-2020-2138	affect_product	jenkins cobertura
CVE-2020-2138	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-11786	affect_library	org.apache.karaf/apache-karaf
CVE-2018-11786	affect_library	org.apache.karaf.shell/org.apache.karaf.shell.core
CVE-2018-11786	affect_product	apache karaf
CVE-2018-11786	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-269
CVE-2020-36187	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	netapp cloud_backup
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_route
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-36187	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-36187	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2015-7536	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-7536	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-7536	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-11971	affect_library	org.apache/camel
CVE-2020-11971	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-spring
CVE-2020-11971	affect_library	org.apache/camel-management
CVE-2020-11971	affect_library	org.apache/camel-core
CVE-2020-11971	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-management-api
CVE-2020-11971	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-core-xml
CVE-2020-11971	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-api
CVE-2020-11971	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-main
CVE-2020-11971	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-core
CVE-2020-11971	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-management
CVE-2020-11971	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2020-11971	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-11971	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2020-11971	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-11971	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_intelligence_hub
CVE-2019-11272	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-core
CVE-2019-11272	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2019-11272	affect_product	vmware spring_security
CVE-2019-11272	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-11272	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2016-6348	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jackson2-provider
CVE-2016-6348	affect_product	redhat resteasy
CVE-2016-6348	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-11404	affect_library	io.arrow-kt/arrow-ank-gradle
CVE-2019-11404	affect_library	io.arrow-kt/arrow-core
CVE-2019-11404	affect_product	arrow-kt arrow
CVE-2019-11404	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2020-10199	affect_library	org.sonatype.nexus/nexus-extdirect
CVE-2020-10199	affect_product	sonatype nexus
CVE-2020-10199	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-917
CVE-2019-1003047	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader
CVE-2019-1003047	affect_product	jenkins fortify_on_demand_uploader
CVE-2019-1003047	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2017-2604	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-2604	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-2604	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2017-1000403	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/speaks
CVE-2017-1000403	affect_product	jenkins speaks\\!
CVE-2017-1000403	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-732
CVE-2020-13956	affect_library	org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient-osgi
CVE-2020-13956	affect_library	org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5-osgi
CVE-2020-13956	affect_library	org.apache.httpcomponents.client5/httpclient5
CVE-2020-13956	affect_library	org.apache.httpcomponents/httpclient
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	apache httpclient
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_pt_peopletools
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	oracle nosql_database
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	oracle sql_developer
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	oracle spatial_studio
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2020-13956	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_service_communication_proxy
CVE-2022-24615	affect_library	net.lingala.zip4j/zip4j
CVE-2022-24615	affect_product	zip4j_project zip4j
CVE-2022-24615	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-755
CVE-2019-10446	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vmanager-plugin
CVE-2019-10446	affect_product	jenkins cadence_vmanager
CVE-2019-10446	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2020-17530	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2020-17530	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2020-17530	affect_product	oracle business_intelligence
CVE-2020-17530	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-17530	affect_product	oracle financial_services_data_integration_hub
CVE-2020-17530	affect_product	oracle hospitality_opera_5
CVE-2020-17530	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-17530	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2020-17530	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_intelligence_hub
CVE-2020-17530	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-917
CVE-2019-10089	affect_library	org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war
CVE-2019-10089	affect_product	apache jspwiki
CVE-2019-10089	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-14060	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-14060	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-14060	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2020-14060	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2020-14060	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-14060	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2020-14060	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-14060	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-14060	affect_product	oracle communications_contacts_server
CVE-2020-14060	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2020-14060	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-14060	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-14060	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-14060	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10434	affect_library	com.mtvi.plateng.hudson/ldapemail
CVE-2019-10434	affect_product	jenkins ldap_email
CVE-2019-10434	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2018-1000606	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/urltrigger
CVE-2018-1000606	affect_product	jenkins urltrigger
CVE-2018-1000606	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2017-1000395	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000395	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000395	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-19838	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-sass
CVE-2018-19838	affect_product	sass-lang libsass
CVE-2018-19838	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2020-15168	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-fetch
CVE-2020-15168	affect_product	node-fetch_project node-fetch
CVE-2020-15168	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2018-3750	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2018-3750	affect_product	deep_extend_project deep_extend
CVE-2018-3750	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-16569	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mantis
CVE-2019-16569	affect_product	jenkins mantis
CVE-2019-16569	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-1000414	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/config-file-provider
CVE-2018-1000414	affect_product	jenkins config_file_provider
CVE-2018-1000414	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-10465	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/weblogic-deployer-plugin
CVE-2019-10465	affect_product	jenkins deploy_weblogic
CVE-2019-10465	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2014-2858	affect_library	org.grails/grails-resources
CVE-2014-2858	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-10244	affect_library	dev.paseto/jpaseto-impl
CVE-2020-10244	affect_library	dev.paseto/jpaseto-sodium
CVE-2020-10244	affect_product	jpaseto_project jpaseto
CVE-2020-10244	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-326
CVE-2013-2172	affect_library	org.glassfish.metro/webservices-rt
CVE-2013-2172	affect_library	com.sun.xml.ws/webservices-rt
CVE-2013-2172	affect_library	org.apache.santuario/xmlsec
CVE-2013-2172	affect_product	apache santuario_xml_security_for_java
CVE-2006-1546	affect_library	struts/struts
CVE-2006-1546	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2015-3253	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.groovy/groovy-all
CVE-2015-3253	affect_library	org.codehaus.groovy/groovy
CVE-2015-3253	affect_library	org.codehaus.groovy/groovy-all
CVE-2015-3253	affect_product	apache groovy
CVE-2015-3253	affect_product	oracle retail_store_inventory_management
CVE-2015-3253	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_clinical_development_center
CVE-2015-3253	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2015-3253	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker_cloud_service
CVE-2015-3253	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2015-3253	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2019-10461	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dynatrace-dashboard
CVE-2019-10461	affect_product	jenkins dynatrace_application_monitoring
CVE-2019-10461	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2014-0043	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket-core
CVE-2014-0043	affect_product	apache wicket
CVE-2014-0043	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-10721	affect_library	io.fabric8/fabric8-maven-plugin-core
CVE-2020-10721	affect_product	redhat fabric8-maven
CVE-2020-10721	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-1000109	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dependency-check-jenkins-plugin
CVE-2017-1000109	affect_product	jenkins owasp_dependency-check
CVE-2017-1000109	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2011-1475	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2011-1475	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2011-1475	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2011-1475	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2011-1475	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2014-0227	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2014-0227	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2014-0227	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2014-0227	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2020-36180	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	netapp cloud_backup
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_route
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-36180	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36180	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-1275	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2018-1275	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-jms
CVE-2018-1275	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-messaging
CVE-2018-1275	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-messaging
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle retail_open_commerce_platform
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle communications_performance_intelligence_center
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_information_manager
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle healthcare_master_person_index
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle insurance_calculation_engine
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_insights
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle tape_library_acsls
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle communications_converged_application_server
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle service_architecture_leveraging_tuxedo
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle big_data_discovery
CVE-2018-1275	affect_product	oracle goldengate_for_big_data
CVE-2018-1275	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2018-18531	affect_library	com.github.penggle/kaptcha
CVE-2018-18531	affect_product	kaptcha_project kaptcha
CVE-2018-18531	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-330
CVE-2018-1000152	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vsphere-cloud
CVE-2018-1000152	affect_product	jenkins vsphere
CVE-2018-1000152	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2010-2245	affect_library	org.apache.wink/wink-server
CVE-2010-2245	affect_library	org.apache.wink/wink-assembly-aggregatejar-osgi
CVE-2010-2245	affect_library	org.apache.wink/wink-common
CVE-2010-2245	affect_product	apache wink
CVE-2010-2245	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-14862	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/knockout
CVE-2019-14862	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/pagerjs
CVE-2019-14862	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/knockoutjs
CVE-2019-14862	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/rdfstore
CVE-2019-14862	affect_product	knockoutjs knockout
CVE-2019-14862	affect_product	redhat decision_manager
CVE-2019-14862	affect_product	redhat process_automation
CVE-2019-14862	affect_product	oracle business_intelligence
CVE-2019-14862	affect_product	oracle goldengate
CVE-2019-14862	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-15685	affect_library	org.craftercms/crafter-studio
CVE-2017-15685	affect_product	craftercms crafter_cms
CVE-2017-15685	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-91
CVE-2018-18830	affect_library	net.mingsoft/ms-mcms
CVE-2018-18830	affect_product	mingsoft mcms
CVE-2018-18830	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2018-18240	affect_library	ro.pippo/pippo-core
CVE-2018-18240	affect_library	ro.pippo/pippo-session
CVE-2018-18240	affect_library	ro.pippo/pippo-xstream
CVE-2018-18240	affect_product	pippo pippo
CVE-2018-18240	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-17554	affect_library	org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core-ext
CVE-2019-17554	affect_library	org.apache.olingo/odata-server-core
CVE-2019-17554	affect_library	org.apache.olingo/odata-client-core
CVE-2019-17554	affect_product	apache olingo
CVE-2019-17554	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2012-3353	affect_library	org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.jcr.contentloader
CVE-2012-3353	affect_product	apache sling_jcr_contentloader
CVE-2012-3353	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-2265	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/covcomplplot
CVE-2020-2265	affect_product	jenkins coverage\\/complexity_scatter_plot
CVE-2020-2265	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-6465	affect_library	org.jbpm/jbpm-console-ng-human-tasks-client
CVE-2013-6465	affect_product	redhat jbpm
CVE-2013-6465	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2012-0022	affect_library	tomcat/catalina
CVE-2012-0022	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2012-0022	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2012-0022	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2012-0022	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2010-4312	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2010-4312	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2021-39152	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-39152	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-39152	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2013-0328	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2013-0328	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2013-0328	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2016-5682	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/swagger-ui
CVE-2016-5682	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui
CVE-2016-5682	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/swagger-ui-cimpress
CVE-2016-5682	affect_product	smartbear swagger-ui
CVE-2016-5682	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-0227	affect_library	org.apache.axis/axis
CVE-2019-0227	affect_library	axis/axis
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	apache axis
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle agile_product_lifecycle_management_framework
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_human_capital_management_human_resources
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle tuxedo
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle internet_directory
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle communications_order_and_service_management
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle flexcube_core_banking
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle secure_global_desktop
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_fusion_middleware
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle policy_automation_connector_for_siebel
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_studio
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle knowledge
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle rapid_planning
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle communications_asap_cartridges
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle financial_services_compliance_regulatory_reporting
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle communications_network_integrity
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle real-time_decision_server
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle big_data_discovery
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle communications_design_studio
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle financial_services_funds_transfer_pricing
CVE-2019-0227	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2019-0227	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2016-6651	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common
CVE-2016-6651	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2016-6651	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2016-6651	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_elastic_runtime
CVE-2016-6651	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_ops_manager
CVE-2016-6651	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry
CVE-2016-6651	affect_product	cloudfoundry cloud_foundry_uaa_bosh
CVE-2022-25205	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/dbCharts
CVE-2022-25205	affect_product	jenkins dbcharts
CVE-2022-25205	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-20059	affect_library	ro.pippo/pippo-core
CVE-2018-20059	affect_library	ro.pippo/pippo-jaxb
CVE-2018-20059	affect_product	pippo pippo
CVE-2018-20059	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-13955	affect_library	org.apache.calcite/calcite-druid
CVE-2020-13955	affect_library	org.apache.calcite/calcite-splunk
CVE-2020-13955	affect_library	org.apache.calcite/calcite-core
CVE-2020-13955	affect_product	apache calcite
CVE-2020-13955	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2020-2136	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git
CVE-2020-2136	affect_product	jenkins git
CVE-2020-2136	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10415	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/violation-comments-to-gitlab
CVE-2019-10415	affect_product	jenkins violation_comments_to_gitlab
CVE-2019-10415	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2018-1000202	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/groovy-postbuild
CVE-2018-1000202	affect_product	jenkins groovy_postbuild
CVE-2018-1000202	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-7789	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/node-notifier
CVE-2020-7789	affect_product	node-notifier_project node-notifier
CVE-2020-7789	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2019-10336	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/electricflow
CVE-2019-10336	affect_product	jenkins electricflow
CVE-2019-10336	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-12814	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2019-12814	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2019-12814	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-12814	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2022-25179	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-multibranch
CVE-2022-25179	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2022-25179	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-59
CVE-2022-25175	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-multibranch
CVE-2022-25175	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2022-25175	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2017-15712	affect_library	org.apache.oozie/oozie-core
CVE-2017-15712	affect_product	apache oozie
CVE-2017-15712	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-20676	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/bootstrap
CVE-2018-20676	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.jasny/bootstrap
CVE-2018-20676	affect_library	org.webjars/bootstrap
CVE-2018-20676	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.angular-ui/bootstrap
CVE-2018-20676	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.twbs/bootstrap
CVE-2018-20676	affect_product	getbootstrap bootstrap
CVE-2018-20676	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-15840	affect_library	com.liferay.portal/portal-impl
CVE-2020-15840	affect_product	liferay dxp
CVE-2020-15840	affect_product	liferay liferay_portal
CVE-2015-3271	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-core
CVE-2015-3271	affect_library	org.apache.tika/tika-server
CVE-2015-3271	affect_product	apache tika
CVE-2015-3271	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-10173	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2019-10173	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8
CVE-2019-10173	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream
CVE-2019-10173	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2019-10173	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-10173	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2019-10173	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2019-10173	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_studio
CVE-2019-10173	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2019-10173	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-10173	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2019-10173	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2019-10173	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2019-10173	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2019-10334	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/electricflow
CVE-2019-10334	affect_product	jenkins electricflow
CVE-2019-10334	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2017-7536	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator
CVE-2017-7536	affect_library	org.hibernate/hibernate-validator
CVE-2017-7536	affect_product	redhat hibernate_validator
CVE-2017-7536	affect_product	redhat satellite
CVE-2017-7536	affect_product	redhat satellite_capsule
CVE-2017-7536	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-470
CVE-2019-1003022	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/monitoring
CVE-2019-1003022	affect_product	jenkins monitoring
CVE-2019-1003022	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2016-0789	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2016-0789	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2016-0789	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2016-0789	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-12112	affect_library	org.freeswitch.esl.client/java-esl-client
CVE-2020-12112	affect_product	bigbluebutton bigbluebutton
CVE-2020-12112	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2021-21343	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8
CVE-2021-21343	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream
CVE-2021-21343	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-21343	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-21343	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-21343	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-21343	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2021-21343	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-21343	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-21343	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2021-21343	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2021-21343	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-21343	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-21343	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-21343	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2021-21343	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2010-2232	affect_library	org.apache.derby/derby
CVE-2010-2232	affect_product	apache derby
CVE-2010-2232	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2016-0709	affect_library	org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/j2-admin
CVE-2016-0709	affect_product	apache jetspeed
CVE-2016-0709	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-1000620	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2018-1000620	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2018-1000620	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/cryptiles
CVE-2018-1000620	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2018-1000620	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bower
CVE-2018-1000620	affect_product	cryptiles_project cryptiles
CVE-2018-1000620	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-331
CVE-2011-1484	affect_library	org.jboss.seam/jboss-seam
CVE-2011-1484	affect_product	redhat jboss_seam_2_framework
CVE-2011-1484	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_soa_platform
CVE-2011-1484	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-0199	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2019-0199	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2019-0199	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2019-0199	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2019-0199	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2017-2650	affect_library	cprice404/pipeline-classpath
CVE-2017-2650	affect_product	jenkins pipeline_classpath_step
CVE-2016-9606	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-yaml-provider
CVE-2016-9606	affect_product	redhat resteasy
CVE-2016-9606	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-2280	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/warnings
CVE-2020-2280	affect_product	jenkins warnings
CVE-2020-2280	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2013-2186	affect_library	net.sf.click/click
CVE-2013-2186	affect_library	commons-fileupload/commons-fileupload
CVE-2013-2186	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_portal_platform
CVE-2013-2186	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2013-2186	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_brms_platform
CVE-2013-2186	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_web_server
CVE-2013-2186	affect_product	ubuntu ubuntu
CVE-2013-2186	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-1322	affect_library	org.apache.syncope/syncope-core
CVE-2018-1322	affect_library	org.apache.syncope.common/syncope-common-lib
CVE-2018-1322	affect_library	org.apache.syncope.ext.elasticsearch/syncope-ext-elasticsearch-persistence-jpa
CVE-2018-1322	affect_library	org.apache.syncope/syncope-common
CVE-2018-1322	affect_library	org.apache.syncope.core/syncope-core-persistence-jpa
CVE-2018-1322	affect_product	apache syncope
CVE-2018-1322	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2015-0899	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts-core
CVE-2015-0899	affect_library	struts/struts
CVE-2015-0899	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2015-0899	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2015-5346	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2015-5346	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2015-5346	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2015-5346	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2015-5346	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-1003011	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/token-macro
CVE-2019-1003011	affect_product	jenkins token_macro
CVE-2019-1003011	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-1003011	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-674
CVE-2020-1957	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-core
CVE-2020-1957	affect_library	org.apache.shiro/shiro-web
CVE-2020-1957	affect_product	apache shiro
CVE-2020-1957	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-1003053	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/hockeyapp
CVE-2019-1003053	affect_product	jenkins hockeyapp
CVE-2019-1003053	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2017-12630	affect_library	org.apache.drill.exec/drill-java-exec
CVE-2017-12630	affect_product	apache drill
CVE-2017-12630	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-12624	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-core
CVE-2017-12624	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-frontend-jaxrs
CVE-2017-12624	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2018-1000184	affect_library	com.coravy.hudson.plugins.github/github
CVE-2018-1000184	affect_product	jenkins github
CVE-2018-1000184	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2019-10407	affect_library	hudson.plugins/project-inheritance
CVE-2019-10407	affect_product	jenkins project_inheritance
CVE-2019-10407	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2017-12634	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-castor-starter
CVE-2017-12634	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-castor
CVE-2017-12634	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2017-12634	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-2228	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitlab-oauth
CVE-2020-2228	affect_product	jenkins gitlab_authentication
CVE-2020-2228	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2017-2651	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/mailer
CVE-2017-2651	affect_product	jenkins mailer
CVE-2017-2651	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-11039	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2018-11039	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-web
CVE-2018-11039	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle primavera_p6_enterprise_project_portfolio_management
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle endeca_information_discovery_integrator
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle communications_performance_intelligence_center
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_information_manager
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle healthcare_master_person_index
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle insurance_calculation_engine
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_insights
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle retail_predictive_application_server
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_mysql_database
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle retail_assortment_planning
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle utilities_network_management_system
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle communications_online_mediation_controller
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle retail_clearance_optimization_engine
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle retail_financial_integration
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle micros_lucas
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle communications_network_integrity
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle retail_advanced_inventory_planning
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	oracle retail_markdown_optimization
CVE-2018-11039	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2011-2196	affect_library	org.jboss.seam/jboss-seam
CVE-2011-2196	affect_product	redhat jboss_seam_2_framework
CVE-2011-2196	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2011-2196	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_soa_platform
CVE-2011-2196	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_web_platform
CVE-2018-1000129	affect_library	org.jolokia/jolokia-jvm
CVE-2018-1000129	affect_library	org.jolokia/jolokia-core
CVE-2018-1000129	affect_product	jolokia jolokia
CVE-2018-1000129	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-10006	affect_library	org.owasp.antisamy/antisamy
CVE-2016-10006	affect_product	antisamy_project antisamy
CVE-2016-10006	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk14
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle api_gateway
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle enterprise_repository
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle communications_webrtc_session_controller
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle soa_suite
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle managed_file_transfer
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle communications_converged_application_server
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle retail_convenience_and_fuel_pos_software
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle utilities_network_management_system
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_fusion_middleware
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_base_platform
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle communications_application_session_controller
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle business_transaction_management
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2018-1000613	affect_product	oracle communications_convergence
CVE-2018-1000613	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-470
CVE-2019-1003030	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps
CVE-2019-1003030	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2019-1003030	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2020-5280	affect_library	org.http4s/http4s-server_2.13.0-M5
CVE-2020-5280	affect_library	org.http4s/http4s-server_2.11
CVE-2020-5280	affect_library	org.http4s/http4s-server_2.13
CVE-2020-5280	affect_library	org.http4s/http4s-server_2.10
CVE-2020-5280	affect_library	org.http4s/http4s-server_2.12
CVE-2020-5280	affect_library	org.http4s/http4s-core_2.12
CVE-2020-5280	affect_product	typelevel http4s
CVE-2020-5280	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-5404	affect_library	io.projectreactor.ipc/reactor-netty
CVE-2020-5404	affect_library	io.projectreactor.netty/reactor-netty
CVE-2020-5404	affect_product	pivotal reactor_netty
CVE-2020-5404	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2017-3066	affect_library	org.apache.flex.blazeds/flex-messaging-core
CVE-2017-3066	affect_product	adobe coldfusion
CVE-2017-3066	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-8331	affect_library	org.fujion.webjars/bootstrap
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	getbootstrap bootstrap
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	f5 big-ip_local_traffic_manager
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	f5 big-ip_application_security_manager
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	f5 big-ip_access_policy_manager
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	f5 big-ip_advanced_firewall_manager
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	f5 big-ip_analytics
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	f5 big-ip_application_acceleration_manager
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	f5 big-ip_domain_name_system
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	f5 big-ip_fraud_protection_service
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	f5 big-ip_global_traffic_manager
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	f5 big-ip_link_controller
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	f5 big-ip_policy_enforcement_manager
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	f5 big-ip_webaccelerator
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	f5 big-ip_edge_gateway
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	redhat virtualization_manager
CVE-2019-8331	affect_product	tenable tenable.sc
CVE-2019-8331	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-1695	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs
CVE-2020-1695	affect_product	redhat resteasy
CVE-2020-1695	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2018-11650	affect_library	org.graylog2/graylog2-server
CVE-2018-11650	affect_product	graylog graylog
CVE-2018-11650	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10333	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/electricflow
CVE-2019-10333	affect_product	jenkins electricflow
CVE-2019-10333	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2015-3269	affect_library	org.apache.flex.blazeds/flex-messaging-core
CVE-2015-3269	affect_product	hp business_service_management
CVE-2015-3269	affect_product	adobe livecycle_data_services
CVE-2015-3269	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2017-1000399	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000399	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000399	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2013-4378	affect_library	net.bull.javamelody/javamelody-core
CVE-2013-4378	affect_product	emeric_vernat javamelody
CVE-2013-4378	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10091	affect_library	org.apache.geode/apache-geode
CVE-2019-10091	affect_library	org.apache.geode/geode-core
CVE-2019-10091	affect_product	apache geode
CVE-2019-10091	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2020-7744	affect_library	com.mintegral.msdk/alphab
CVE-2020-7744	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2020-8919	affect_library	com.google.gerrit/gerrit-plugin-api
CVE-2020-8919	affect_product	google gerrit
CVE-2020-8919	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2020-8124	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.unshiftio/url-parse
CVE-2020-8124	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/url-parse
CVE-2020-8124	affect_product	url-parse_project url-parse
CVE-2020-8124	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-15256	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/object-path
CVE-2020-15256	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2020-15256	affect_product	object-path_project object-path
CVE-2022-25178	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib
CVE-2022-25178	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2022-25178	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2007-3386	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2007-3386	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2007-3386	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10375	affect_library	hudson.plugins.filesystem_scm/filesystem_scm
CVE-2019-10375	affect_product	jenkins file_system_scm
CVE-2019-1003016	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/job-import-plugin
CVE-2019-1003016	affect_product	jenkins job_import
CVE-2019-1003016	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-2599	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-2599	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-2599	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2019-10448	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum
CVE-2019-10448	affect_product	jenkins extensive_testing
CVE-2019-10448	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-1003050	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2019-1003050	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2019-1003050	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2019-1003050	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-1003050	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10369	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jclouds-jenkins
CVE-2019-10369	affect_product	jenkins jclouds
CVE-2019-10369	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2018-11799	affect_library	org.apache.oozie/oozie-core
CVE-2018-11799	affect_product	apache oozie
CVE-2018-11799	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-18385	affect_library	org.asciidoctor/asciidoctorj
CVE-2018-18385	affect_product	asciidoctor asciidoctor
CVE-2018-18385	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2017-16026	affect_library	org.webjars/request
CVE-2017-16026	affect_product	request_project request
CVE-2017-16026	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-3773	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-ws-core
CVE-2019-3773	affect_library	org.springframework.ws/spring-ws
CVE-2019-3773	affect_library	org.springframework.ws/spring-ws-core
CVE-2019-3773	affect_library	org.springframework.ws/spring-xml
CVE-2019-3773	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_web_services
CVE-2019-3773	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2019-3773	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2019-3773	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-12022	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2018-12022	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2018-12022	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-12022	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2018-12022	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2018-12022	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2018-12022	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-12022	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2018-12022	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2018-12022	affect_product	redhat jboss_brms
CVE-2018-12022	affect_product	redhat automation_manager
CVE-2018-12022	affect_product	redhat decision_manager
CVE-2018-12022	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10385	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/eggplant-plugin
CVE-2019-10385	affect_product	jenkins eggplant
CVE-2019-10385	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10321	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/artifactory
CVE-2019-10321	affect_product	jfrog artifactory
CVE-2019-10321	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-1309	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-security-utils
CVE-2018-1309	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-standard-processors
CVE-2018-1309	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2018-1309	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2020-2135	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2020-2135	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2020-2135	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2015-3858	affect_library	org.robolectric/android-all
CVE-2015-3858	affect_product	google android
CVE-2014-8115	affect_library	org.kie/kie-drools-wb-distribution-wars
CVE-2014-8115	affect_product	redhat kie_workbench
CVE-2014-3627	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-yarn-common
CVE-2014-3627	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2014-3627	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-59
CVE-2020-2229	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2020-2229	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2020-2229	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-3200	affect_library	org.graniteds/granite-generator
CVE-2017-3200	affect_product	graniteds graniteds
CVE-2017-3200	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2013-2134	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2013-2134	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2013-2134	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2018-8037	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2018-8037	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2018-8037	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2018-8037	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-8037	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-362
CVE-2019-19919	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bower
CVE-2019-19919	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/alpaca
CVE-2019-19919	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/handlebars
CVE-2019-19919	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/handlebars
CVE-2019-19919	affect_library	org.webjars/handlebars
CVE-2019-19919	affect_product	handlebars.js_project handlebars.js
CVE-2019-19919	affect_product	tenable tenable.sc
CVE-2019-19919	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2017-1000362	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000362	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000362	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-1000615	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-ovsdb
CVE-2018-1000615	affect_product	onosproject onos
CVE-2017-1000207	affect_library	io.swagger/swagger-codegen
CVE-2017-1000207	affect_library	io.swagger/swagger-parser
CVE-2017-1000207	affect_product	swagger swagger-parser
CVE-2017-1000207	affect_product	swagger swagger-codegen
CVE-2017-1000207	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2016-0793	affect_library	org.wildfly/wildfly-undertow
CVE-2016-0793	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2014-3655	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2014-3655	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2014-3655	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_web_server
CVE-2014-3655	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2014-3682	affect_library	org.jbpm/jbpm-designer-backend
CVE-2014-3682	affect_product	redhat jbpm-designer
CVE-2019-1003018	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/github-oauth
CVE-2019-1003018	affect_product	jenkins github_oauth
CVE-2019-1003018	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2015-0226	affect_library	org.apache.wss4j/wss4j-ws-security-dom
CVE-2015-0226	affect_library	org.apache.ws.security/wss4j
CVE-2015-0226	affect_product	apache wss4j
CVE-2015-0226	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-327
CVE-2014-0115	affect_library	org.apache.storm/storm-core
CVE-2014-0115	affect_product	apache storm
CVE-2014-0115	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-8030	affect_library	org.apache.qpid/apache-qpid-broker-j
CVE-2018-8030	affect_library	org.apache.qpid/qpid-broker-plugins-amqp-0-8-protocol
CVE-2018-8030	affect_product	apache qpid_broker-j
CVE-2018-8030	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-11779	affect_library	org.apache.storm/storm-kafka-client
CVE-2018-11779	affect_library	org.apache.storm/storm-kafka
CVE-2018-11779	affect_product	apache storm
CVE-2018-11779	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-2215	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/zephyr-for-jira-test-management
CVE-2020-2215	affect_product	jenkins zephyr_for_jira_test_management
CVE-2020-2215	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2015-0201	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core
CVE-2015-0201	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-websocket
CVE-2015-0201	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2015-0201	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-websocket
CVE-2015-0201	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_framework
CVE-2015-0201	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2018-1000417	affect_library	org.jenkinsci.plugins/emailext-template
CVE-2018-1000417	affect_product	jenkins email_extension_template
CVE-2018-1000417	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-2162	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2020-2162	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2020-2162	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10388	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/relution-publisher
CVE-2019-10388	affect_product	jenkins relution_enterprise_appstore_publisher
CVE-2019-10388	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2012-0785	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2012-0785	affect_product	cloudbees jenkins
CVE-2012-0785	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2012-0785	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2017-15692	affect_library	org.apache.geode/geode-modules
CVE-2017-15692	affect_library	org.apache.geode/geode-core
CVE-2017-15692	affect_product	apache geode
CVE-2017-15692	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-1000169	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000169	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000169	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-1714	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-parent
CVE-2020-1714	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-common
CVE-2020-1714	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-core
CVE-2020-1714	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2020-1714	affect_product	redhat decision_manager
CVE-2020-1714	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2020-1714	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2020-1714	affect_product	redhat process_automation
CVE-2020-1714	affect_product	redhat openshift_application_runtimes
CVE-2020-1714	affect_product	quarkus quarkus
CVE-2020-1714	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2022-27195	affect_library	org.hudsonci.plugins/parameterized-trigger
CVE-2022-27195	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/parameterized-trigger
CVE-2022-27195	affect_product	jenkins parameterized_trigger
CVE-2017-7657	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-http
CVE-2017-7657	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	netapp oncommand_unified_manager
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	netapp element_software
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	netapp santricity_cloud_connector
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	netapp element_software_management_node
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_web_services
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_management
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	netapp hci_storage_nodes
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_os_controller
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2017-7657	affect_product	oracle rest_data_services
CVE-2017-7657	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-190
CVE-2016-1000352	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000352	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000352	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000352	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000352	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000352	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000352	affect_library	bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2016-1000352	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2016-1000352	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000352	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2016-1000352	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2021-23331	affect_library	com.squareup/connect
CVE-2021-23331	affect_product	squareup connect_java_software_development_kit
CVE-2016-6637	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-login
CVE-2016-6637	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-server
CVE-2016-6637	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_elastic_runtime
CVE-2016-6637	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2016-6637	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_ops_manager
CVE-2016-6637	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry
CVE-2016-6637	affect_product	cloudfoundry cloud_foundry_uaa_bosh
CVE-2016-6637	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-17513	affect_library	io.ratpack/ratpack-core
CVE-2019-17513	affect_product	ratpack_project ratpack
CVE-2019-17513	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2016-10707	affect_library	org.webjars/jquery
CVE-2016-10707	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/jquery
CVE-2016-10707	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist
CVE-2016-10707	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jquery
CVE-2016-10707	affect_product	jquery jquery
CVE-2016-10707	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-674
CVE-2022-25174	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib
CVE-2022-25174	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2022-25174	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2020-13936	affect_library	org.apache.velocity/velocity
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	apache velocity_engine
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	apache wss4j
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	oracle communications_network_integrity
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	oracle banking_party_management
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	oracle banking_loans_servicing
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	oracle banking_deposits_and_lines_of_credit_servicing
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_office_cloud_service
CVE-2020-13936	affect_product	oracle hospitality_token_proxy_service
CVE-2016-4430	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2016-4430	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2016-4430	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2019-10768	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/angular
CVE-2019-10768	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/github-com-angular-ui-ui-router
CVE-2019-10768	affect_library	org.webjars/angularjs
CVE-2019-10768	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/angular-timer
CVE-2019-10768	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/angularjs
CVE-2019-10768	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/angular
CVE-2019-10768	affect_product	angularjs angular.js
CVE-2019-10768	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2018-8088	affect_library	org.slf4j/slf4j-ext
CVE-2018-8088	affect_product	qos slf4j
CVE-2018-8088	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_desktop
CVE-2018-8088	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_workstation
CVE-2018-8088	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server
CVE-2018-8088	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_aus
CVE-2018-8088	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_tus
CVE-2018-8088	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_eus
CVE-2018-8088	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2018-8088	affect_product	oracle goldengate_stream_analytics
CVE-2018-8088	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2015-1370	affect_library	org.webjars/marked
CVE-2015-1370	affect_product	marked_project marked
CVE-2020-7609	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/github-com-mithunsatheesh-node-rules
CVE-2020-7609	affect_product	node-rules_project node-rules
CVE-2020-7609	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2014-0002	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-spring
CVE-2014-0002	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-core
CVE-2014-0002	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2021-21349	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream-java8
CVE-2021-21349	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.xstream
CVE-2021-21349	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_default_management
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2021-21349	affect_product	oracle java_se
CVE-2021-21349	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2022-0839	affect_library	org.liquibase/liquibase-core
CVE-2022-0839	affect_product	liquibase liquibase
CVE-2022-0839	affect_product	oracle sqlcl
CVE-2022-0839	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-1000198	affect_library	com.blackducksoftware.integration/blackduck-hub
CVE-2018-1000198	affect_product	jenkins black_duck_hub
CVE-2018-1000198	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2018-1000531	affect_library	com.inversoft/prime-jwt
CVE-2018-1000531	affect_product	inversoft prime-jwt
CVE-2018-1000531	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-10714	affect_library	org.wildfly.security/wildfly-elytron
CVE-2020-10714	affect_product	redhat wildfly_elytron
CVE-2020-10714	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2020-10714	affect_product	redhat process_automation
CVE-2020-10714	affect_product	redhat descision_manager
CVE-2020-10714	affect_product	redhat codeready_studio
CVE-2020-10714	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2020-10714	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-384
CVE-2022-25177	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps-global-lib
CVE-2022-25177	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2022-25177	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-59
CVE-2020-2186	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/ec2
CVE-2020-2186	affect_product	jenkins amazon_ec2
CVE-2020-2186	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-14371	affect_library	org.glassfish/javax.faces
CVE-2018-14371	affect_product	eclipse mojarra
CVE-2018-14371	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2021-3461	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2021-3461	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-broker-saml
CVE-2021-3461	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2021-3461	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2021-3461	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-613
CVE-2019-10290	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/netsparker-cloud-scan
CVE-2019-10290	affect_product	jenkins netsparker_cloud_scan
CVE-2019-10290	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-7707	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/property-expr
CVE-2020-7707	affect_product	property-expr_project property-expr
CVE-2020-7707	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2019-12407	affect_library	org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war
CVE-2019-12407	affect_product	apache jspwiki
CVE-2019-12407	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-1000232	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2016-1000232	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform
CVE-2016-1000232	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/floatthead
CVE-2016-1000232	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2016-1000232	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bower
CVE-2016-1000232	affect_product	salesforce tough-cookie
CVE-2016-1000232	affect_product	ibm api_connect
CVE-2016-1000232	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2016-1000232	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-2301	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/active-directory
CVE-2020-2301	affect_product	jenkins active_directory
CVE-2020-1744	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2020-1744	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2020-1744	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-755
CVE-2016-7043	affect_library	org.drools/droolsjbpm-integration
CVE-2016-7043	affect_library	org.kie.server/kie-server-services-common
CVE-2016-7043	affect_library	org.kie.server/kie-server-common
CVE-2016-7043	affect_library	org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-websocket-client
CVE-2016-7043	affect_library	org.kie.server/kie-server-controller-rest
CVE-2016-7043	affect_product	redhat kie-server
CVE-2016-7043	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-260
CVE-2015-5211	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2015-5211	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-websocket
CVE-2015-5211	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-webmvc
CVE-2015-5211	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2015-5211	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2015-5211	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2015-5211	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-552
CVE-2019-15488	affect_library	org.igniterealtime.openfire/xmppserver
CVE-2019-15488	affect_product	igniterealtime openfire
CVE-2019-15488	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-1000096	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.workflow/workflow-cps
CVE-2017-1000096	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2017-1000096	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-732
CVE-2018-1999038	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/publish-over-cifs
CVE-2018-1999038	affect_product	jenkins publish_over_cifs
CVE-2018-1999038	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-441
CVE-2018-1999047	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1999047	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1999047	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2019-13416	affect_library	com.floragunn/search-guard-6
CVE-2019-13416	affect_product	search-guard search_guard
CVE-2018-1000187	affect_library	org.csanchez.jenkins.plugins/kubernetes
CVE-2018-1000187	affect_product	jenkins kubernetes
CVE-2018-1000187	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-1003057	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/bitbucket-approve
CVE-2019-1003057	affect_product	jenkins bitbucket_approve
CVE-2019-1003057	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2009-4609	affect_library	org.mortbay.jetty/jetty
CVE-2009-4609	affect_product	mortbay jetty
CVE-2009-4609	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2014-3599	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs
CVE-2014-3599	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxb-provider
CVE-2014-3599	affect_product	redhat hornetq
CVE-2014-3599	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-14888	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2019-14888	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2019-14888	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2019-14888	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-14888	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2019-14888	affect_product	redhat jboss_data_grid
CVE-2019-14888	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2018-1296	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs
CVE-2018-1296	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-main
CVE-2018-1296	affect_library	org.apache.hadoop/hadoop-hdfs-client
CVE-2018-1296	affect_product	apache hadoop
CVE-2018-1296	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-0193	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2019-0193	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-dataimporthandler
CVE-2019-0193	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2019-0193	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2020-11022	affect_library	org.fujion.webjars/jquery
CVE-2020-11022	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery
CVE-2020-11022	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jquery
CVE-2020-11022	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/jquery
CVE-2020-11022	affect_library	org.webjars/jquery
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	jquery jquery
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	drupal drupal
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle jdeveloper
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle retail_back_office
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle communications_webrtc_session_controller
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle agile_product_lifecycle_management_for_process
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle retail_returns_management
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle policy_automation_connector_for_siebel
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_market_risk_measurement_and_management
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle hospitality_materials_control
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle banking_digital_experience
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_hedge_management_and_ifrs_valuations
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_loan_loss_forecasting_and_provisioning
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_asset_liability_management
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_profitability_management
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_funds_transfer_pricing
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_price_creation_and_discovery
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_liquidity_risk_management
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_liquidity_risk_measurement_and_management
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_balance_sheet_planning
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle healthcare_foundation
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_data_governance_for_us_regulatory_reporting
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle hospitality_simphony
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_basel_regulatory_capital_internal_ratings_based_approach
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle insurance_data_foundation
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle policy_automation
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_reconciliation_framework
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle communications_application_session_controller
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_institutional_performance_analytics
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router_idih\\
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_data_foundation
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle insurance_insbridge_rating_and_underwriting
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_basel_regulatory_capital_basic
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_regulatory_reporting_for_us_federal_reserve
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_regulatory_reporting_for_european_banking_authority
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle policy_automation_for_mobile_devices
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle insurance_allocation_manager_for_enterprise_profitability
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle financial_services_data_integration_hub
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle insurance_accounting_analyzer
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_ops_center
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle enterprise_session_border_controller
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle communications_eagle_application_processor
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle storagetek_acsls
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	netapp max_data
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	tenable log_correlation_engine
CVE-2020-11022	affect_product	oracle agile_product_supplier_collaboration_for_process
CVE-2020-11022	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2016-6814	affect_library	org.codehaus.groovy/groovy-all
CVE-2016-6814	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.groovy/groovy-all
CVE-2016-6814	affect_library	org.codehaus.groovy/groovy
CVE-2016-6814	affect_product	apache groovy
CVE-2016-6814	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server
CVE-2016-6814	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-1000089	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-build-step
CVE-2017-1000089	affect_product	jenkins pipeline\\
CVE-2017-1000089	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2016-2510	affect_library	org.beanshell/bsh
CVE-2016-2510	affect_library	org.apache-extras.beanshell/bsh
CVE-2016-2510	affect_library	bsh/bsh
CVE-2016-2510	affect_product	beanshell beanshell
CVE-2016-2510	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2016-2510	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2016-7046	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2016-7046	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-17560	affect_library	org.netbeans.api/org-netbeans-modules-autoupdate-services
CVE-2019-17560	affect_product	apache netbeans
CVE-2019-17560	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2019-17560	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2020-2239	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/Parameterized-Remote-Trigger
CVE-2020-2239	affect_product	jenkins parameterized_remote_trigger
CVE-2020-2239	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2018-11788	affect_library	org.apache.karaf/karaf
CVE-2018-11788	affect_library	org.apache.karaf/org.apache.karaf.util
CVE-2018-11788	affect_library	org.apache.karaf.specs/org.apache.karaf.specs.java.xml
CVE-2018-11788	affect_product	apache karaf
CVE-2018-11788	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-15707	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2017-15707	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin
CVE-2017-15707	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2017-15707	affect_product	netapp oncommand_balance
CVE-2017-15707	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2017-15707	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2017-15707	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2017-15707	affect_product	oracle financial_services_market_risk_measurement_and_management
CVE-2017-15707	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2017-15707	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2017-15707	affect_product	oracle enterprise_manager_for_virtualization
CVE-2017-15707	affect_product	oracle financial_services_hedge_management_and_ifrs_valuations
CVE-2017-15707	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatchauto
CVE-2017-15707	affect_product	oracle agile_plm_framework
CVE-2017-15707	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-14335	affect_library	com.h2database/h2
CVE-2018-14335	affect_product	h2database h2
CVE-2018-14335	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-59
CVE-2014-3120	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch
CVE-2014-3120	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2014-3120	affect_product	elasticsearch elasticsearch
CVE-2014-3120	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2012-1006	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-showcase
CVE-2012-1006	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-showcase
CVE-2012-1006	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2012-1006	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2012-1006	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-6430	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.web
CVE-2013-6430	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-web
CVE-2013-6430	affect_product	pivotal_software spring_framework
CVE-2013-6430	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2013-5679	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.esapi
CVE-2013-5679	affect_library	org.owasp.esapi/esapi
CVE-2013-5679	affect_product	owasp enterprise_security_api
CVE-2017-15089	affect_library	org.infinispan/infinispan-client-hotrod
CVE-2017-15089	affect_library	org.infinispan/infinispan-commons
CVE-2017-15089	affect_product	infinispan infinispan
CVE-2017-15089	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-1003055	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/ftppublisher
CVE-2019-1003055	affect_product	jenkins ftp_publisher
CVE-2019-1003055	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2019-12402	affect_library	org.apache.commons/commons-compress
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	apache commons_compress
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle flexcube_investor_servicing
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_pt_peopletools
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle communications_ip_service_activator
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle banking_payments
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle hyperion_infrastructure_technology
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle jdeveloper
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2019-12402	affect_product	oracle essbase
CVE-2019-12402	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2017-1000244	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/favorite
CVE-2017-1000244	affect_product	jenkins favorite
CVE-2017-1000244	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2021-46036	affect_library	net.mingsoft/ms-mcms
CVE-2021-46036	affect_product	mingsoft mcms
CVE-2021-46036	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2019-10345	affect_library	io.jenkins/configuration-as-code
CVE-2019-10345	affect_product	jenkins configuration_as_code
CVE-2019-10345	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-532
CVE-2019-16539	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/support-core
CVE-2019-16539	affect_product	jenkins support_core
CVE-2019-16539	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-281
CVE-2018-10915	affect_library	ru.yandex.qatools.embed/postgresql-embedded
CVE-2018-10915	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_desktop
CVE-2018-10915	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_workstation
CVE-2018-10915	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server
CVE-2018-10915	affect_product	redhat virtualization
CVE-2018-10915	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_eus
CVE-2018-10915	affect_product	redhat openstack
CVE-2018-10915	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2018-10915	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-10915	affect_product	postgresql postgresql
CVE-2018-10915	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2015-1169	affect_library	org.jasig.cas/cas-server-core
CVE-2015-1169	affect_library	org.jasig.cas/cas-server-support-ldap
CVE-2015-1169	affect_product	apereo central_authentication_service
CVE-2015-1169	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2021-26920	affect_library	org.apache.druid/druid
CVE-2021-26920	affect_library	io.druid/druid-server
CVE-2021-26920	affect_library	org.apache.druid/druid-server
CVE-2021-26920	affect_library	org.apache.druid/druid-core
CVE-2021-26920	affect_product	apache druid
CVE-2021-26920	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-610
CVE-2019-14379	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	oracle goldengate_stream_analytics
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	oracle siebel_engineering_-_installer_\\&_deployment
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2019-14379	affect_product	apple xcode
CVE-2019-14379	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2020-2220	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2020-2220	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2020-2220	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-9512	affect_library	io.netty/netty
CVE-2019-9512	affect_library	io.netty/netty-all
CVE-2019-9512	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common
CVE-2019-9512	affect_library	io.netty/netty-codec-http2
CVE-2019-9512	affect_product	apache traffic_server
CVE-2019-9512	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-9512	affect_product	nodejs node.js
CVE-2019-9512	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2019-10373	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/build-pipeline-plugin
CVE-2019-10373	affect_product	jenkins build_pipeline
CVE-2019-10373	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10397	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aqua-serverless
CVE-2019-10397	affect_product	jenkins aqua_security_severless_scanner
CVE-2019-10397	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-319
CVE-2019-9740	affect_library	org.python/jython-standalone
CVE-2019-9740	affect_product	python python
CVE-2019-9740	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-93
CVE-2019-1003010	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/git
CVE-2019-1003010	affect_product	jenkins git
CVE-2019-1003010	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-1003010	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-7661	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty8
CVE-2017-7661	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-oidc
CVE-2017-7661	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring
CVE-2017-7661	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-jetty9
CVE-2017-7661	affect_library	org.apache.cxf.fediz/fediz-spring2
CVE-2017-7661	affect_product	apache cxf_fediz
CVE-2017-7661	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-2617	affect_library	io.hawt/hawtio-system
CVE-2017-2617	affect_product	hawt.io hawtio
CVE-2017-2617	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2007-1358	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-http11
CVE-2007-1358	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2007-1358	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-9296	affect_library	com.netflix.conductor/conductor-core
CVE-2020-9296	affect_product	netflix conductor
CVE-2020-9296	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-917
CVE-2018-1199	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2018-1199	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-web
CVE-2018-1199	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-security-config
CVE-2018-1199	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.core
CVE-2018-1199	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.spring-core
CVE-2018-1199	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-config
CVE-2018-1199	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-web
CVE-2018-1199	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2018-1199	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2018-1199	affect_product	vmware spring_security
CVE-2018-1199	affect_product	redhat fuse
CVE-2018-1199	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2018-1199	affect_product	oracle rapid_planning
CVE-2018-1199	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-16335	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	netapp oncommand_api_services
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	oracle customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	oracle goldengate_stream_analytics
CVE-2019-16335	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2019-16335	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10158	affect_library	org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-common
CVE-2019-10158	affect_library	org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-remote
CVE-2019-10158	affect_library	org.infinispan/infinispan-spring5-embedded
CVE-2019-10158	affect_library	org.infinispan/infinispan-core
CVE-2019-10158	affect_product	infinispan infinispan
CVE-2019-10158	affect_product	redhat jboss_data_grid
CVE-2019-10158	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-384
CVE-2012-5783	affect_library	commons-httpclient/commons-httpclient
CVE-2012-5783	affect_product	apache httpclient
CVE-2012-5783	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2012-5783	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2007-3382	affect_library	tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2007-3382	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2007-3382	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-9514	affect_library	io.netty/netty-all
CVE-2019-9514	affect_library	io.netty/netty
CVE-2019-9514	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common
CVE-2019-9514	affect_library	io.netty/netty-codec-http2
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	apache traffic_server
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	synology skynas
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	synology diskstation_manager
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_workstation
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	redhat software_collections
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	redhat jboss_core_services
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	redhat developer_tools
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	redhat quay
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_eus
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	redhat openshift_service_mesh
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	redhat openstack
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	mcafee web_gateway
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	netapp cloud_insights
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	netapp trident
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	f5 big-ip_local_traffic_manager
CVE-2019-9514	affect_product	nodejs node.js
CVE-2019-9514	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2015-1836	affect_library	org.apache.hbase/hbase
CVE-2015-1836	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hbase
CVE-2015-1836	affect_library	org.apache.hbase/hbase-client
CVE-2015-1836	affect_product	ibm infosphere_biginsights
CVE-2015-1836	affect_product	apache hbase
CVE-2015-1836	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2019-17640	affect_library	io.vertx/vertx-core
CVE-2019-17640	affect_library	io.vertx/vertx-web
CVE-2019-17640	affect_product	eclipse vert.x
CVE-2019-17640	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-1694	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-parent
CVE-2020-1694	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2020-1694	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-732
CVE-2016-6659	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-uaa
CVE-2016-6659	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry
CVE-2016-6659	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2016-6659	affect_product	cloudfoundry cloud_foundry_uaa_bosh
CVE-2016-6659	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2014-0119	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-jasper
CVE-2014-0119	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2014-0119	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util-scan
CVE-2014-0119	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2014-0119	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2014-0119	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2014-0119	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/jasper
CVE-2014-0119	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-jasper
CVE-2014-0119	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2020-28278	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/shvl
CVE-2020-28278	affect_product	shvl_project shvl
CVE-2017-1000108	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-input-step
CVE-2017-1000108	affect_product	jenkins pipeline-input-step
CVE-2017-1000108	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2021-39146	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	oracle business_activity_monitoring
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	oracle utilities_testing_accelerator
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2021-39146	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2021-39146	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-19676	affect_library	com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-api
CVE-2020-19676	affect_library	com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-common
CVE-2020-19676	affect_library	com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-core
CVE-2020-19676	affect_library	com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-client
CVE-2020-19676	affect_library	com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-config
CVE-2020-19676	affect_library	com.alibaba.nacos/nacos-naming
CVE-2020-19676	affect_product	alibaba nacos
CVE-2018-17960	affect_library	org.webjars/ckeditor
CVE-2018-17960	affect_product	ckeditor ckeditor
CVE-2018-17960	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10090	affect_library	org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war
CVE-2019-10090	affect_product	apache jspwiki
CVE-2019-10090	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2203	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/fortify-on-demand-uploader
CVE-2020-2203	affect_product	jenkins fortify_on_demand
CVE-2020-2203	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-17533	affect_library	org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-core
CVE-2020-17533	affect_library	org.apache.accumulo/accumulo-master
CVE-2020-17533	affect_product	apache accumulo
CVE-2020-17533	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-252
CVE-2019-2692	affect_library	mysql/mysql-connector-java
CVE-2019-2692	affect_product	oracle mysql_connector\\/j
CVE-2020-7743	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/mathjs
CVE-2020-7743	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/mathjs
CVE-2020-7743	affect_library	org.webjars/mathjs
CVE-2020-7743	affect_product	mathjs mathjs
CVE-2020-7743	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2021-23362	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/hosted-git-info
CVE-2021-23362	affect_product	npmjs hosted-git-info
CVE-2021-23362	affect_product	siemens sinec_infrastructure_network_services
CVE-2021-23362	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1333
CVE-2016-10750	affect_library	com.hazelcast/hazelcast-spring
CVE-2016-10750	affect_library	com.hazelcast/hazelcast-client
CVE-2016-10750	affect_library	com.hazelcast/hazelcast-all
CVE-2016-10750	affect_library	com.hazelcast/hazelcast
CVE-2016-10750	affect_product	hazelcast hazelcast
CVE-2016-10750	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2014-3558	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.hibernate-validator
CVE-2014-3558	affect_library	org.hibernate/hibernate-validator
CVE-2014-3558	affect_product	redhat hibernate_validator
CVE-2013-5966	affect_library	org.zkoss.common/zweb
CVE-2013-5966	affect_product	zkoss zk_framework
CVE-2013-5966	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2142	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/p4
CVE-2020-2142	affect_product	jenkins p4
CVE-2020-2142	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-7238	affect_library	io.netty/netty-handler
CVE-2020-7238	affect_library	io.netty/netty-codec-http
CVE-2020-7238	affect_library	io.netty/netty-all
CVE-2020-7238	affect_product	netty netty
CVE-2020-7238	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-7238	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-7238	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2020-7238	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform_text-only_advisories
CVE-2020-7238	affect_product	redhat openshift_application_runtimes_text-only_advisories
CVE-2020-7238	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2019-1003021	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oic-auth
CVE-2019-1003021	affect_product	jenkins openid_connect_authentication
CVE-2019-1003021	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2007-2353	affect_library	axis/axis
CVE-2007-2353	affect_product	apache axis
CVE-2007-2353	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2012-4387	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2012-4387	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2012-4387	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2019-9843	affect_library	com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-maven-plugin
CVE-2019-9843	affect_library	com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-maven
CVE-2019-9843	affect_library	com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-plugin-gradle
CVE-2019-9843	affect_library	com.diffplug.spotless/spotless-eclipse-wtp
CVE-2019-9843	affect_product	diffplug gradle
CVE-2019-9843	affect_product	diffplug maven
CVE-2019-9843	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-7686	affect_library	org.apache.ignite/ignite-core
CVE-2017-7686	affect_product	apache ignite
CVE-2017-7686	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2017-1000505	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/script-security
CVE-2017-1000505	affect_library	org.kohsuke/groovy-sandbox
CVE-2017-1000505	affect_product	jenkins script_security
CVE-2017-1000505	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2020-9298	affect_library	com.netflix.spinnaker.orca/orca-core
CVE-2020-9298	affect_product	spinnaker orca
CVE-2020-9298	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2015-0263	affect_library	org.apache.camel/apache-camel
CVE-2015-0263	affect_library	org.apache.camel/camel-core
CVE-2015-0263	affect_product	apache camel
CVE-2018-1999020	affect_library	org.onosproject/onos-core-common
CVE-2018-1999020	affect_product	opennetworking onos
CVE-2018-1999020	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2018-12023	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2018-12023	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2018-12023	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-12023	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2018-12023	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2018-12023	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2018-12023	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-12023	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2018-12023	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2018-12023	affect_product	redhat jboss_brms
CVE-2018-12023	affect_product	redhat automation_manager
CVE-2018-12023	affect_product	redhat decision_manager
CVE-2018-12023	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-17531	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle trace_file_analyzer
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle siebel_engineering_-_installer_\\&_deployment
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle retail_sales_audit
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_nextgen_oui_framework
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_slice_selection_function
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2019-17531	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2019-17531	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2016-3726	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2016-3726	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2016-3726	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2017-1000498	affect_library	com.caverock/androidsvg
CVE-2017-1000498	affect_product	androidsvg_project androidsvg
CVE-2017-1000498	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2016-5395	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/ranger
CVE-2016-5395	affect_product	apache ranger
CVE-2016-5395	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2137	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/timestamper
CVE-2020-2137	affect_product	jenkins timestamper
CVE-2020-2137	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10389	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/relution-publisher
CVE-2019-10389	affect_product	jenkins relution_enterprise_appstore_publisher
CVE-2019-10389	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-35728	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle communications_policy_management
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle data_integrator
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle autovue
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle banking_credit_facilities_process_management
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle banking_corporate_lending_process_management
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle banking_supply_chain_finance
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_route
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle banking_extensibility_workbench
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-35728	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-35728	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10377	affect_library	net.hurstfrost.jenkins/avatar
CVE-2019-10377	affect_product	jenkins avatar
CVE-2019-10377	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2016-6815	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/ranger
CVE-2016-6815	affect_library	org.apache.ranger/ranger-kafka-plugin
CVE-2016-6815	affect_product	apache ranger
CVE-2020-14445	affect_library	org.wso2.carbon.identity.framework/org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor.ui
CVE-2020-14445	affect_product	wso2 identity_server
CVE-2020-14445	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_as_key_manager
CVE-2020-14445	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-13863	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bson
CVE-2018-13863	affect_product	mongodb js-bson
CVE-2020-2286	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/role-strategy
CVE-2020-2286	affect_product	jenkins role-based_authorization_strategy
CVE-2017-18197	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/mxgraph
CVE-2017-18197	affect_product	jgraph mxgraph
CVE-2017-18197	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-12400	affect_library	org.apache.santuario/xmlsec
CVE-2019-12400	affect_product	apache santuario_xml_security_for_java
CVE-2019-12400	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-12400	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2019-12400	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-1288	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka-tools
CVE-2018-1288	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.10
CVE-2018-1288	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.12
CVE-2018-1288	affect_library	org.apache.kafka/kafka_2.11
CVE-2018-1288	affect_product	apache kafka
CVE-2018-1288	affect_product	redhat jboss_middleware_text-only_advisories
CVE-2018-1288	affect_product	oracle database
CVE-2018-1288	affect_product	oracle primavera_p6_enterprise_project_portfolio_management
CVE-2018-1288	affect_product	oracle timesten_in-memory_database
CVE-2020-9486	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-framework-core
CVE-2020-9486	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-stateless
CVE-2020-9486	affect_library	org.apache.nifi/nifi-security-utils
CVE-2020-9486	affect_product	apache nifi
CVE-2020-9486	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-532
CVE-2011-2894	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.context
CVE-2011-2894	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-context
CVE-2011-2894	affect_library	org.springframework/org.springframework.core
CVE-2011-2894	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2011-2894	affect_library	org.springframework/spring-core
CVE-2011-2894	affect_product	vmware spring_security
CVE-2011-2894	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2011-2894	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-13920	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-all
CVE-2020-13920	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker
CVE-2020-13920	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2020-13920	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2020-13920	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-13920	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-13920	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-306
CVE-2019-10421	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/azure-event-grid-notifier
CVE-2019-10421	affect_product	jenkins azure_event_grid_notifier
CVE-2019-10421	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2012-2138	affect_library	org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.servlets.post
CVE-2012-2138	affect_product	apache org.apache.sling.servlets.post
CVE-2012-2138	affect_product	apache sling
CVE-2020-1938	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2020-1938	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2020-1938	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	apache geode
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	oracle transportation_management
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	oracle hospitality_guest_access
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_empirica_signal
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	oracle workload_manager
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	oracle agile_engineering_data_management
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	oracle siebel_ui_framework
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_empirica_inspections
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	blackberry good_control
CVE-2020-1938	affect_product	blackberry workspaces_server
CVE-2020-10687	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2020-10687	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2020-10687	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2020-10687	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2020-10687	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-444
CVE-2019-20920	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2019-20920	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bower
CVE-2019-20920	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jsonpath-object-transform
CVE-2019-20920	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/handlebars
CVE-2019-20920	affect_product	handlebarsjs handlebars
CVE-2019-20920	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2016-8745	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-util
CVE-2016-8745	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2016-8745	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2016-8745	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2016-8745	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2018-1051	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-yaml-provider
CVE-2018-1051	affect_product	redhat resteasy
CVE-2018-1051	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2020-10727	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/artemis-server
CVE-2020-10727	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/artemis-core-client
CVE-2020-10727	affect_product	apache activemq_artemis
CVE-2020-10727	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2020-10727	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-312
CVE-2017-2670	affect_library	io.undertow/undertow-core
CVE-2017-2670	affect_product	redhat undertow
CVE-2017-2670	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2017-2670	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2019-10302	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/jira-ext
CVE-2019-10302	affect_product	jenkins jira-ext
CVE-2019-10302	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-10361	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins.m2release/m2release
CVE-2019-10361	affect_product	jenkins m2release
CVE-2019-10361	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2017-1000353	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000353	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000353	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2017-1000353	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2017-16137	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2017-16137	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/debug
CVE-2017-16137	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2017-16137	affect_product	debug_project debug
CVE-2017-16137	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2018-11802	affect_library	org.apache.solr/solr-core
CVE-2018-11802	affect_product	apache solr
CVE-2018-11802	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-863
CVE-2014-3612	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-all
CVE-2014-3612	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-core
CVE-2014-3612	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-broker
CVE-2014-3612	affect_library	org.apache.activemq/activemq-jaas
CVE-2014-3612	affect_product	apache activemq
CVE-2014-3612	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2018-15801	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-oauth2-jose
CVE-2018-15801	affect_library	org.springframework.security/spring-security-core
CVE-2018-15801	affect_product	vmware spring_framework
CVE-2018-15801	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-345
CVE-2019-16544	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/qmetry-for-jira-test-management
CVE-2019-16544	affect_product	qmetry jenkins_qmetry_for_jira
CVE-2019-16544	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2012-3544	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2012-3544	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2012-3544	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/coyote
CVE-2012-3544	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2012-3544	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-5475	affect_library	org.sonatype.nexus.plugins/nexus-yum-repository-plugin
CVE-2019-5475	affect_product	sonatype nexus_repository_manager
CVE-2019-5475	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2020-2181	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/credentials-binding
CVE-2020-2181	affect_product	jenkins credentials_binding
CVE-2020-2181	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2018-1000861	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000861	affect_library	org.kohsuke.stapler/stapler
CVE-2018-1000861	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000861	affect_product	redhat openshift_container_platform
CVE-2018-1000861	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2015-5170	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-login
CVE-2015-5170	affect_library	org.cloudfoundry.identity/cloudfoundry-identity-common
CVE-2015-5170	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_elastic_runtime
CVE-2015-5170	affect_product	pivotal_software cloud_foundry_uaa
CVE-2015-5170	affect_product	cloudfoundry cf-release
CVE-2015-5170	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-14042	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bootstrap
CVE-2018-14042	affect_library	org.webjars/bootstrap
CVE-2018-14042	affect_product	getbootstrap bootstrap
CVE-2018-14042	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-12538	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-runner
CVE-2018-12538	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server
CVE-2018-12538	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2018-12538	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_os_controller
CVE-2018-12538	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2018-12538	affect_product	netapp hyper_converged_infrastructure
CVE-2018-12538	affect_product	netapp element_software
CVE-2018-12538	affect_product	netapp santricity_cloud_connector
CVE-2018-12538	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2018-12538	affect_product	netapp oncommand_unified_manager
CVE-2018-12538	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_management_plug-ins
CVE-2018-12538	affect_product	netapp e-series_santricity_web_services_proxy
CVE-2018-12538	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2018-12538	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2018-12538	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-384
CVE-2019-16554	affect_library	com.sonyericsson.jenkins.plugins.bfa/build-failure-analyzer
CVE-2019-16554	affect_product	jenkins build_failure_analyzer
CVE-2019-16554	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2020-2243	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/vmanager-plugin
CVE-2020-2243	affect_product	jenkins cadence_vmanager
CVE-2020-2243	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bc-fips
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk14
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	bouncycastle fips_java_api
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-java-crytography-api
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle api_gateway
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle enterprise_repository
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_peopletools
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle business_process_management_suite
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle soa_suite
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle managed_file_transfer
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle communications_converged_application_server
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle communications_webrtc_session_controller
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle retail_convenience_and_fuel_pos_software
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle communications_application_session_controller
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	oracle business_transaction_management
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2018-1000180	affect_product	redhat virtualization
CVE-2018-1000180	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-327
CVE-2020-9040	affect_library	com.couchbase.client/core-io
CVE-2020-9040	affect_product	couchbase couchbase_server_java_sdk
CVE-2020-9040	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2014-5075	affect_library	org.igniterealtime.smack/smack
CVE-2014-5075	affect_library	org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-tcp
CVE-2014-5075	affect_library	org.igniterealtime.smack/smack-core
CVE-2014-5075	affect_library	jivesoftware/smack
CVE-2014-5075	affect_product	redhat jboss_fuse
CVE-2014-5075	affect_product	igniterealtime smack_api
CVE-2019-10362	affect_library	io.jenkins/configuration-as-code
CVE-2019-10362	affect_product	jenkins configuration_as_code
CVE-2019-10362	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-116
CVE-2012-0838	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2012-0838	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2012-0838	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2012-0838	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2015-5325	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-5325	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2015-5325	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-5325	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2015-5377	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.elasticsearch
CVE-2015-5377	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2015-5377	affect_product	elastic elasticsearch
CVE-2015-5377	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-74
CVE-2020-11612	affect_library	io.netty/netty-handler
CVE-2020-11612	affect_library	io.netty/netty-codec
CVE-2020-11612	affect_library	io.netty/netty-all
CVE-2020-11612	affect_product	netty netty
CVE-2020-11612	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-11612	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-11612	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2020-11612	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2020-11612	affect_product	netapp oncommand_api_services
CVE-2020-11612	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-11612	affect_product	oracle nosql_database
CVE-2020-11612	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2020-11612	affect_product	oracle communications_design_studio
CVE-2020-11612	affect_product	oracle communications_brm_-_elastic_charging_engine
CVE-2020-11612	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_service_communication_proxy
CVE-2020-11612	affect_product	oracle siebel_core_-_server_framework
CVE-2020-11612	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2014-0053	affect_library	org.grails/grails-resources
CVE-2014-0053	affect_library	org.grails/grails-core
CVE-2013-2033	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2013-2033	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2013-2033	affect_product	cloudbees jenkins
CVE-2013-2033	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2018-17202	affect_library	org.apache.sanselan/sanselan
CVE-2018-17202	affect_product	apache commons_imaging
CVE-2018-17202	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-835
CVE-2019-10442	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/rundeck
CVE-2019-10442	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/oracle-cloud-infrastructure-compute-classic
CVE-2019-10442	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/icescrum
CVE-2019-10442	affect_product	jenkins icescrum
CVE-2019-10442	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2015-5258	affect_library	org.springframework.social/spring-social-core
CVE-2015-5258	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2015-5258	affect_product	vmware spring_social
CVE-2015-5258	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2020-2285	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/liquibase-runner
CVE-2020-2285	affect_product	jenkins liquibase_runner
CVE-2020-2285	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2018-1000009	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.plugins/checkstyle
CVE-2018-1000009	affect_product	jenkins checkstyle
CVE-2018-1000009	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2019-17632	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty/jetty-server
CVE-2019-17632	affect_product	eclipse jetty
CVE-2019-17632	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2012-0818	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/resteasy-jaxrs
CVE-2012-0818	affect_library	org.jboss.resteasy/tjws
CVE-2012-0818	affect_product	redhat resteasy
CVE-2012-0818	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2018-19531	affect_library	com.github.httl/httl
CVE-2018-19531	affect_product	httl_project httl
CVE-2018-19531	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-2221	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2020-2221	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2020-2221	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-1003064	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/aws-device-farm
CVE-2019-1003064	affect_product	jenkins aws-device-farm
CVE-2019-1003064	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-311
CVE-2013-2055	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket
CVE-2013-2055	affect_library	org.apache.wicket/wicket-core
CVE-2013-2055	affect_product	apache wicket
CVE-2011-0509	affect_library	com.vaadin/vaadin
CVE-2011-0509	affect_product	vaadin vaadin
CVE-2011-0509	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2012-3546	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2012-3546	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/catalina
CVE-2012-3546	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2012-3546	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2015-1427	affect_library	org.elasticsearch/elasticsearch
CVE-2015-1427	affect_product	elasticsearch elasticsearch
CVE-2015-1427	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2019-12384	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2019-12384	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2019-12384	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-12384	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux
CVE-2019-12384	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-16557	affect_library	com.redgate.plugins.redgatesqlci/redgate-sql-ci
CVE-2019-16557	affect_product	jenkins redgate_sql_change_automation
CVE-2019-16557	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-1003097	affect_library	com.ds.tools.hudson/crowd
CVE-2019-1003097	affect_product	jenkins crowd_integration
CVE-2019-1003097	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2018-3728	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2018-3728	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/npm
CVE-2018-3728	affect_library	org.webjars/npm
CVE-2018-3728	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/bower
CVE-2018-3728	affect_product	hapijs hoek
CVE-2018-3728	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-471
CVE-2016-11023	affect_library	org.odata4j/odata4j-core
CVE-2016-11023	affect_product	odata4j_project odata4j
CVE-2016-11023	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2017-18349	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.fastjson
CVE-2017-18349	affect_library	com.alibaba/fastjson
CVE-2017-18349	affect_product	pippo pippo
CVE-2017-18349	affect_product	alibaba fastjson
CVE-2017-18349	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-9517	affect_library	org.eclipse.jetty.http2/http2-common
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	apache traffic_server
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	apache http_server
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	synology skynas
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	synology diskstation_manager
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	redhat software_collections
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	redhat jboss_core_services
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	redhat jboss_enterprise_application_platform
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	redhat quay
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	redhat openshift_service_mesh
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	oracle graalvm
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	mcafee web_gateway
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	netapp clustered_data_ontap
CVE-2019-9517	affect_product	nodejs node.js
CVE-2019-9517	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-770
CVE-2013-4390	affect_library	org.apache.sling/org.apache.sling.auth.core
CVE-2013-4390	affect_product	apache sling_auth_core_component
CVE-2013-4390	affect_product	apache sling
CVE-2013-4390	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2018-1999025	affect_library	de.tracetronic.jenkins.plugins/ecutest
CVE-2018-1999025	affect_product	jenkins tracetronic_ecu-test
CVE-2018-1999025	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2018-1327	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-rest-plugin
CVE-2018-1327	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2016-4433	affect_library	org.apache.struts/struts2-core
CVE-2016-4433	affect_library	org.apache.struts.xwork/xwork-core
CVE-2016-4433	affect_product	apache struts
CVE-2016-4433	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2007-4556	affect_library	opensymphony/xwork
CVE-2007-4556	affect_product	opensymphony xwork
CVE-2019-16943	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle trace_file_analyzer
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle siebel_engineering_-_installer_\\&_deployment
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle retail_sales_audit
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_nextgen_oui_framework
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle communications_calendar_server
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_network_slice_selection_function
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	netapp oncommand_api_services
CVE-2019-16943	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2019-16943	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2021-23463	affect_library	com.h2database/h2
CVE-2021-23463	affect_product	h2database h2
CVE-2021-23463	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-611
CVE-2017-1000355	affect_library	org.jvnet.hudson.main/hudson-core
CVE-2017-1000355	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2017-1000355	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2017-1000355	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2018-1999005	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1999005	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1999005	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_automated_test_suite
CVE-2018-1999005	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-11980	affect_library	org.apache.karaf/karaf
CVE-2020-11980	affect_library	org.apache.karaf.management/org.apache.karaf.management.server
CVE-2020-11980	affect_product	apache karaf
CVE-2020-11980	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2020-26883	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play_2.13
CVE-2020-26883	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.12
CVE-2020-26883	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play_2.10
CVE-2020-26883	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13
CVE-2020-26883	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play_2.11
CVE-2020-26883	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.10
CVE-2020-26883	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13.0-M3
CVE-2020-26883	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M5
CVE-2020-26883	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play_2.13.0-M3
CVE-2020-26883	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play_2.12
CVE-2020-26883	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.11
CVE-2020-26883	affect_product	lightbend play_framework
CVE-2020-26883	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-674
CVE-2019-16565	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/teamconcert
CVE-2019-16565	affect_product	jenkins team_concert
CVE-2019-16565	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2018-1000406	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2018-1000406	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2018-1000406	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-17527	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2020-17527	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-coyote
CVE-2020-17527	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2020-17527	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2020-17527	affect_product	netapp element_plug-in
CVE-2020-17527	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-17527	affect_product	oracle instantis_enterprisetrack
CVE-2020-17527	affect_product	oracle sd-wan_edge
CVE-2020-17527	affect_product	oracle workload_manager
CVE-2020-17527	affect_product	oracle mysql_enterprise_monitor
CVE-2020-17527	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_binding_support_function
CVE-2020-17527	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-17527	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-17527	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-17527	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2022-0527	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/github-com-chatwoot-chatwoot
CVE-2022-0527	affect_product	chatwoot chatwoot
CVE-2022-0527	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-11023	affect_library	org.fujion.webjars/jquery
CVE-2020-11023	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/jqtree
CVE-2020-11023	affect_library	org.webjars.bowergithub.jquery/jquery-dist
CVE-2020-11023	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/jquery-ui
CVE-2020-11023	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/github-com-woogis9-sample1022
CVE-2020-11023	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/jquery
CVE-2020-11023	affect_library	org.webjars/jquery
CVE-2020-11023	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/jquery
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	jquery jquery
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	drupal drupal
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle hyperion_financial_reporting
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle webcenter_sites
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle communications_operations_monitor
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle communications_interactive_session_recorder
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle application_express
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle rest_data_services
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle storagetek_tape_analytics_sw_tool
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle siebel_mobile
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle peoplesoft_enterprise_human_capital_management_resources
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle financial_services_regulatory_reporting_for_de_nederlandsche_bank
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle banking_enterprise_collections
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle communications_analytics
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle healthcare_translational_research
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle oss_support_tools
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle financial_services_revenue_management_and_billing_analytics
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle health_sciences_inform
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle business_intelligence
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle communications_eagle_application_processor
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	oracle storagetek_acsls
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	netapp snapcenter_server
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	netapp oncommand_system_manager
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	netapp max_data
CVE-2020-11023	affect_product	tenable log_correlation_engine
CVE-2020-11023	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-26234	affect_library	org.opencastproject/opencast-kernel
CVE-2020-26234	affect_product	apereo opencast
CVE-2020-26234	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-346
CVE-2020-28923	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13.0-RC2
CVE-2020-28923	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.13
CVE-2020-28923	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play-java_2.12
CVE-2020-28923	affect_library	com.typesafe.play/play_2.12
CVE-2020-28923	affect_product	lightbend play_framework
CVE-2016-0710	affect_library	org.apache.portals.jetspeed-2/jetspeed-security
CVE-2016-0710	affect_product	apache jetspeed
CVE-2016-0710	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2019-10296	affect_library	com.urbancode.ds.jenkins.plugins/sra-deploy
CVE-2019-10296	affect_product	jenkins serena_sra_deploy
CVE-2019-10296	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2018-12540	affect_library	io.vertx/vertx-web
CVE-2018-12540	affect_product	eclipse vert.x
CVE-2018-12540	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-15706	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat
CVE-2017-15706	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2017-15706	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-358
CVE-2019-12736	affect_library	io.ktor/ktor-auth-ldap
CVE-2019-12736	affect_product	jetbrains ktor
CVE-2019-12736	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-77
CVE-2015-1806	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2015-1806	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2015-1806	affect_product	redhat openshift
CVE-2020-15839	affect_library	com.liferay.portal/release.dxp.bom
CVE-2020-15839	affect_library	com.liferay.portal/portal-impl
CVE-2020-15839	affect_product	liferay liferay_portal
CVE-2020-15839	affect_product	liferay digital_experience_platform
CVE-2020-15839	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2017-16129	affect_library	org.webjars/superagent
CVE-2017-16129	affect_library	org.webjars/browser-sync
CVE-2017-16129	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/superagent
CVE-2017-16129	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/superagent
CVE-2017-16129	affect_product	superagent_project superagent
CVE-2017-16129	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-400
CVE-2022-27201	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/semantic-versioning-plugin
CVE-2019-0207	affect_library	org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-ioc
CVE-2019-0207	affect_library	org.apache.tapestry/tapestry-core
CVE-2019-0207	affect_product	apache tapestry
CVE-2019-0207	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-22
CVE-2020-8215	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/canvas
CVE-2020-8215	affect_product	automattic canvas
CVE-2020-8215	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-120
CVE-2020-2125	affect_library	ru.yandex.jenkins.plugins.debuilder/debian-package-builder
CVE-2020-2125	affect_product	jenkins debian_package_builder
CVE-2020-2125	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2020-26258	affect_library	xstream/xstream
CVE-2020-26258	affect_library	com.thoughtworks.xstream/xstream
CVE-2020-26258	affect_product	xstream_project xstream
CVE-2020-26258	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-26258	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2020-26258	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-918
CVE-2020-36189	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	netapp cloud_backup
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	netapp service_level_manager
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle webcenter_portal
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle application_testing_suite
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle agile_plm
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_billing_and_revenue_management
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_services_gatekeeper
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle retail_merchandising_system
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_evolved_communications_application_server
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle retail_service_backbone
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle banking_virtual_account_management
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle insurance_rules_palette
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_interactive_session_recorder
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle commerce_platform
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_unified_inventory_management
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_orchestrator
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle insurance_policy_administration
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_unified_data_repository
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_network_charging_and_control
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_convergent_charging_controller
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle jd_edwards_enterpriseone_tools
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle autovue_for_agile_product_lifecycle_management
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle documaker
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_messaging_server
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle banking_treasury_management
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_pricing_design_center
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_cloud_native_core_policy
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_instant_messaging_server
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle communications_offline_mediation_controller
CVE-2020-36189	affect_product	oracle blockchain_platform
CVE-2020-36189	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2014-3656	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2014-3656	affect_product	redhat jboss_keycloak
CVE-2014-3656	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-10386	affect_library	com.xebialabs.xlt.ci/xltestview-plugin
CVE-2019-10386	affect_product	jenkins xl_testview
CVE-2019-10386	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2014-3607	affect_library	edu.vt.middleware/vt-ldap
CVE-2014-3607	affect_library	org.ldaptive/ldaptive
CVE-2014-3607	affect_product	ldaptive ldaptive
CVE-2014-3607	affect_product	ldaptive vt-ldap
CVE-2014-3607	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2021-43466	affect_library	org.thymeleaf/thymeleaf-spring5
CVE-2021-43466	affect_library	org.thymeleaf/thymeleaf-spring3
CVE-2021-43466	affect_product	thymeleaf thymeleaf
CVE-2021-43466	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-94
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_library	org.dom4j/dom4j
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_library	dom4j/dom4j
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_product	dom4j_project dom4j
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_product	oracle flexcube_investor_servicing
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_product	oracle retail_integration_bus
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_product	oracle utilities_framework
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_product	oracle primavera_p6_enterprise_project_portfolio_management
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_product	oracle rapid_planning
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_product	redhat satellite_capsule
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_product	redhat satellite
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_product	netapp snap_creator_framework
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_product	netapp snapmanager
CVE-2018-1000632	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2018-1000632	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-91
CVE-2014-2065	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.main/jenkins-core
CVE-2014-2065	affect_product	jenkins jenkins
CVE-2014-2065	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-0214	affect_library	org.apache.archiva/archiva
CVE-2019-0214	affect_library	org.apache.archiva/archiva-web-common
CVE-2019-0214	affect_product	apache archiva
CVE-2011-2093	affect_library	com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-common
CVE-2011-2093	affect_library	com.adobe.blazeds/blazeds-core
CVE-2011-2093	affect_product	adobe blazeds
CVE-2011-2093	affect_product	adobe livecycle_data_services
CVE-2011-2093	affect_product	adobe livecycle
CVE-2011-2093	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2020-24703	affect_library	org.wso2.carbon/org.wso2.carbon.ui
CVE-2020-24703	affect_product	wso2 identity_server
CVE-2020-24703	affect_product	wso2 enterprise_integrator
CVE-2020-24703	affect_product	wso2 api_microgateway
CVE-2020-24703	affect_product	wso2 api_manager_analytics
CVE-2020-24703	affect_product	wso2 iot_server
CVE-2020-24703	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_analytics
CVE-2020-24703	affect_product	wso2 data_analytics_server
CVE-2020-24703	affect_product	wso2 identity_server_as_key_manager
CVE-2020-24703	affect_product	wso2 api_manager
CVE-2018-14658	affect_library	org.keycloak/keycloak-services
CVE-2018-14658	affect_product	redhat keycloak
CVE-2018-14658	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-601
CVE-2019-10076	affect_library	org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-main
CVE-2019-10076	affect_library	org.apache.jspwiki/jspwiki-war
CVE-2019-10076	affect_product	apache jspwiki
CVE-2019-10076	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2017-12622	affect_library	org.apache.geode/geode-core
CVE-2017-12622	affect_product	apache geode
CVE-2017-12622	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2019-14540	affect_library	com.fasterxml.jackson.core/jackson-databind
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	fasterxml jackson-databind
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	netapp steelstore_cloud_integrated_storage
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	netapp oncommand_api_services
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	oracle retail_xstore_point_of_service
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	oracle primavera_unifier
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	oracle banking_platform
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	oracle primavera_gateway
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	oracle retail_customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	oracle mysql
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	oracle global_lifecycle_management_opatch
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	oracle goldengate_application_adapters
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	oracle customer_management_and_segmentation_foundation
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	oracle goldengate_stream_analytics
CVE-2019-14540	affect_product	oracle financial_services_analytical_applications_infrastructure
CVE-2019-14540	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-502
CVE-2019-10330	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/gitea
CVE-2019-10330	affect_product	gitea gitea
CVE-2019-10330	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2013-7259	affect_library	org.neo4j.app/neo4j-server
CVE-2013-7259	affect_product	neo4j neo4j
CVE-2013-7259	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2017-5664	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat.embed/tomcat-embed-core
CVE-2017-5664	affect_library	org.apache.tomcat/tomcat-catalina
CVE-2017-5664	affect_product	apache tomcat
CVE-2017-5664	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-755
CVE-2020-28282	affect_library	org.webjars.bower/FlipClock
CVE-2020-28282	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/floatthead
CVE-2020-28282	affect_library	org.webjars.npm/getobject
CVE-2020-28282	affect_product	getobject_project getobject
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk14
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk14
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bc-fips
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk16
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk14
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcpg-jdk15on
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-debug-jdk15on
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15+
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.apache.servicemix.bundles/org.apache.servicemix.bundles.bcprov-jdk15
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on
CVE-2020-26939	affect_library	org.bouncycastle/bcprov-ext-jdk15on
CVE-2020-26939	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle-fips-java-api
CVE-2020-26939	affect_product	bouncycastle legion-of-the-bouncy-castle
CVE-2020-26939	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-203
CVE-2019-3872	affect_library	org.picketlink/picketlink-common
CVE-2019-3872	affect_product	redhat single_sign-on
CVE-2019-3872	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2020-2118	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/pipeline-githubnotify-step
CVE-2020-2118	affect_product	jenkins pipeline_github_notify_step
CVE-2020-2118	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-276
CVE-2017-1000086	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/periodicbackup
CVE-2017-1000086	affect_product	jenkins periodic_backup
CVE-2017-1000086	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-862
CVE-2020-1952	affect_library	org.apache.iotdb/iotdb-server
CVE-2020-1952	affect_product	apache iotdb
CVE-2020-1952	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2019-10294	affect_library	org.jenkins-ci.plugins/kmap-jenkins
CVE-2019-10294	affect_product	jenkins kmap
CVE-2019-10294	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-16551	affect_library	com.sonyericsson.hudson.plugins.gerrit/gerrit-trigger
CVE-2019-16551	affect_product	jenkins gerrit_trigger
CVE-2019-16551	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-352
CVE-2015-5255	affect_library	org.apache.flex.blazeds/flex-messaging-core
CVE-2015-5255	affect_product	hp xp7_command_view_advanced_edition
CVE-2015-5255	affect_product	hp xp_p9000_command_view_advanced_edition
CVE-2015-5255	affect_product	adobe coldfusion
CVE-2015-5255	affect_product	adobe livecycle_data_services
CVE-2015-5255	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2022-23848	affect_library	org.alluxio/alluxio-logserver
CVE-2022-23848	affect_product	alluxio alluxio
CVE-2017-3165	affect_library	org.apache.brooklyn/brooklyn-jsgui
CVE-2017-3165	affect_product	apache brooklyn
CVE-2017-3165	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-79
CVE-2019-12423	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf
CVE-2019-12423	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/apache-cxf
CVE-2019-12423	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-sso-oidc
CVE-2019-12423	affect_library	org.apache.cxf/cxf-rt-rs-security-jose
CVE-2019-12423	affect_product	apache cxf
CVE-2019-12423	affect_product	oracle flexcube_private_banking
CVE-2019-12423	affect_product	oracle retail_order_broker
CVE-2019-12423	affect_product	oracle communications_diameter_signaling_router
CVE-2019-12423	affect_product	oracle communications_session_route_manager
CVE-2019-12423	affect_product	oracle communications_session_report_manager
CVE-2019-12423	affect_product	oracle communications_element_manager
CVE-2019-12423	affect_product	oracle commerce_guided_search
CVE-2019-12423	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-522
CVE-2019-2517	affect_product	oracle database_server
CVE-2010-4578	affect_product	google chrome_os
CVE-2010-4578	affect_product	google chrome
CVE-2010-4578	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2011-1798	affect_product	google chrome
CVE-2011-1798	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2013-0645	affect_product	adobe air
CVE-2013-0645	affect_product	adobe air_sdk
CVE-2013-0645	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2007-5524	affect_product	oracle application_server
CVE-2007-5524	affect_product	oracle collaboration_suite
CVE-2013-2468	affect_product	oracle jre
CVE-2013-2468	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2013-2468	affect_product	sun jre
CVE-2013-2468	affect_product	sun jdk
CVE-2017-14968	affect_product	ikarussecurity anti.virus
CVE-2017-14968	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2016-10887	affect_product	tipsandtricks-hq all_in_one_wp_security_\\&_firewall
CVE-2016-10887	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2021-42837	affect_product	talend data_catalog
CVE-2021-42837	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2015-9467	affect_product	k-78 broken_link_manager
CVE-2015-9467	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2016-6304	affect_product	openssl openssl
CVE-2016-6304	affect_product	nodejs node.js
CVE-2016-6304	affect_product	novell suse_linux_enterprise_module_for_web_scripting
CVE-2016-6304	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-401
CVE-2015-1250	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2015-1250	affect_product	google chrome
CVE-2015-1250	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_supplementary_eus
CVE-2015-1250	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_desktop_supplementary
CVE-2015-1250	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_server_supplementary
CVE-2015-1250	affect_product	redhat enterprise_linux_workstation_supplementary
CVE-2015-1250	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2006-5353	affect_product	oracle application_server
CVE-2006-5353	affect_product	oracle collaboration_suite
CVE-2017-5795	affect_product	hp intelligent_management_center
CVE-2017-5795	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-200
CVE-2012-1725	affect_product	oracle jre
CVE-2012-1725	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2012-1725	affect_product	sun jdk
CVE-2012-1725	affect_product	sun jre
CVE-2007-6181	affect_product	redhat cygwin
CVE-2007-6181	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2011-0866	affect_product	sun jre
CVE-2011-0866	affect_product	sun jdk
CVE-2017-3507	affect_product	oracle service_bus
CVE-2014-2421	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2014-2421	affect_product	oracle jrockit
CVE-2014-2421	affect_product	juniper junos_space
CVE-2014-2421	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2014-2421	affect_product	oracle jre
CVE-2014-2421	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2021-43637	affect_product	amazon workspaces
CVE-2021-43637	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-120
CVE-2020-25022	affect_product	noise-java_project noise-java
CVE-2020-25022	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-125
CVE-2011-1812	affect_product	google chrome
CVE-2021-24684	affect_product	teamlead pdf-light-viewer
CVE-2021-24684	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2021-2075	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2014-3961	affect_product	xnau participants_database
CVE-2014-3961	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2019-11289	affect_product	cloudfoundry routing-release
CVE-2019-11289	affect_product	cloudfoundry cf-deployment
CVE-2019-11289	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2011-0778	affect_product	google chrome
CVE-2018-10683	affect_product	redhat wildfly
CVE-2018-10683	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-287
CVE-2020-7716	affect_product	invertase deeps
CVE-2020-7716	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2012-5275	affect_product	adobe air
CVE-2012-5275	affect_product	adobe air_sdk
CVE-2012-5275	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2013-5832	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2013-5832	affect_product	sun jdk
CVE-2013-5832	affect_product	sun jre
CVE-2013-5832	affect_product	oracle jre
CVE-2013-2464	affect_product	oracle jre
CVE-2013-2464	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2013-2464	affect_product	sun jre
CVE-2013-2464	affect_product	sun jdk
CVE-2014-0373	affect_product	oracle jre
CVE-2014-0373	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2010-4473	affect_product	sun jre
CVE-2010-4473	affect_product	sun jdk
CVE-2010-4473	affect_product	sun sdk
CVE-2022-0846	affect_product	speakout\\!_email_petitions_project speakout\\!_email_petitions
CVE-2022-0846	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
CVE-2015-7818	affect_product	ibm system_networking_switch_center
CVE-2015-7818	affect_product	lenovo switch_center
CVE-2021-3190	affect_product	async-git_project async-git
CVE-2021-3190	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2013-5802	affect_product	sun jdk
CVE-2013-5802	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2013-5802	affect_product	sun jre
CVE-2013-5802	affect_product	oracle jre
CVE-2013-5802	affect_product	oracle jrockit
CVE-2021-31597	affect_product	xmlhttprequest-ssl_project xmlhttprequest-ssl
CVE-2021-31597	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-295
CVE-2016-5577	affect_product	oracle outside_in_technology
CVE-2016-5577	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-284
CVE-2012-5285	affect_product	adobe air
CVE-2012-5285	affect_product	adobe air_sdk
CVE-2012-5285	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2019-17455	affect_product	nongnu libntlm
CVE-2019-17455	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2019-17455	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2019-17455	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2019-17455	affect_product	opensuse leap
CVE-2019-17455	affect_product	opensuse backports_sle
CVE-2019-17455	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-125
CVE-2013-0444	affect_product	oracle jre
CVE-2013-0444	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2012-5083	affect_product	oracle javafx
CVE-2012-5083	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2012-5083	affect_product	oracle jre
CVE-2012-5083	affect_product	sun jdk
CVE-2012-5083	affect_product	sun jre
CVE-2021-33191	affect_product	apache nifi_minifi_c\\+\\+
CVE-2021-33191	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-78
CVE-2021-2136	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2021-2389	affect_product	oracle mysql_server
CVE-2021-2389	affect_product	netapp snapcenter
CVE-2021-2389	affect_product	netapp oncommand_workflow_automation
CVE-2021-2389	affect_product	netapp oncommand_insight
CVE-2021-2389	affect_product	netapp active_iq_unified_manager
CVE-2021-2389	affect_product	fedoraproject fedora
CVE-2021-2389	affect_product	mariadb mariadb
CVE-2010-3595	affect_product	oracle fusion_middleware
CVE-2011-0474	affect_product	google chrome
CVE-2011-0474	affect_product	debian debian_linux
CVE-2011-0474	affect_product	google chrome_os
CVE-2021-3120	affect_product	yithemes yith_woocommerce_gift_cards
CVE-2021-3120	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2019-1823	affect_product	cisco evolved_programmable_network_manager
CVE-2019-1823	affect_product	cisco network_level_service
CVE-2019-1823	affect_product	cisco prime_infrastructure
CVE-2019-1823	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2019-15825	affect_product	wpserveur wps_hide_login
CVE-2018-2894	affect_product	oracle weblogic_server
CVE-2014-3179	affect_product	google chrome
CVE-2007-5520	affect_product	oracle application_server
CVE-2007-5520	affect_product	oracle database_server
CVE-2008-5695	affect_product	wordpress wordpress
CVE-2008-5695	affect_product	wordpress wordpress_mu
CVE-2008-5695	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-20
CVE-2012-5141	affect_product	opensuse opensuse
CVE-2012-5141	affect_product	google chrome
CVE-2013-0638	affect_product	adobe air
CVE-2013-0638	affect_product	adobe air_sdk
CVE-2013-0638	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-119
CVE-2012-5376	affect_product	google chrome
CVE-2012-5376	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-269
CVE-2014-2402	affect_product	canonical ubuntu_linux
CVE-2014-2402	affect_product	oracle jdk
CVE-2014-2402	affect_product	oracle jre
CVE-2021-23760	affect_product	keyget_project keyget
CVE-2021-23760	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-1321
CVE-2019-19741	affect_product	ea origin
CVE-2021-21245	affect_product	onedev_project onedev
CVE-2021-21245	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-434
CVE-2013-7187	affect_product	ncrafts formcraft
CVE-2013-7187	type_of_vulnerability	CWE-89
